To this end , Aznar and Prodi report that only the internal ratification processes in each of the member states have now to be concluded and they emphasize that these are at an advanced stage and in some cases have been completed .
	they-27	emphasize-28	-nsubj	they-27 	emphasize-28 
Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids a chance to create dreams .

One of these alarms was of a reported threat against Air Force One itself , a threat eventually run down to a misunderstood communication in the hectic White House Situation Room that morning .

And one of the way they gave prizes was , they would take big group photos and everybody , and there were stairs going up to a balcony , real wide stairs .

The patient told hospital authorities she became sick after being bitten by a tick about four months ago .

In addition , Bush and his advisers discussed new legal authorities for covert action in Afghanistan , including the administration 's first Memorandum of Notification on Bin Ladin .

Though a number of agencies had some part of the task , none had security as its primary mission .

The notes indicate that he also told Myers that he was not simply interested in striking empty training sites .
	he-10	told-7	-nsubj-ccomp	he-10 	told-7 
During his trip to Seoul , Chien said , Bush is expected to exchange views with South Korean leaders on arms procurement and policies toward North Korea .

Saeed said indications were that those tests would be negative too .
	Saeed-1	said-2	-nsubj	Saeed-1 	said-2 indications-3 	tests-7	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp-ccomp	those-6 tests-7 	said-2 indications-3 
He said that the Government of Pakistan remains committed to promoting and protecting human rights and will welcome the assistance of friendly countries towards that end .
	He-1	welcome-18	-nsubj-conj	He-1 	will-17 welcome-18 	Government-5	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-4 Government-5 of-6 Pakistan-7 	said-2 
People in the Iraqi Kurdish city will be able to make and receive international calls from their home telephone lines .

The computer maker said net jumped to $ 87 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 58 million , or $ 1.40 a share , a year earlier .

The dominant role of the European climate protection policy has benefits for our economy .

That afternoon , Secretary of State Powell announced at the beginning of an NSC meeting that Pakistani President Musharraf had agreed to every U.S. request for support in the war on terrorism .

Mesa flies to 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas .

PESHAWAR , Pakistan , Nov 1 -LRB- AFP -RRB- -- About 1,000 armed Pakistani tribesmen crossed into Afghanistan on Thursday to fight with the Taliban against the United States , witnesses said .

Moscow , 17 January : The Russian government has established a new mechanism to cover the export of dual-purpose technology to Iraq , which is subject to international supervision and control , the government information department said .

It also incorporated the President 's determination not to distinguish between terrorists and those who harbor them .

This must now be ratified by all the parties and will shortly enter into force .

The problem was first discovered in March 1996 in Indonesia and led to a November 1999 recall of cars in the United States and Asia , where hot , humid conditions were thought to trigger the air bags .

The positive side .

The State Department did not expect the Taliban to comply .
	Department-3	expect-6	-nsubj	The-1 State-2 Department-3 	did-4 not-5 expect-6 	Taliban-8	expect-6	-dobj	the-7 Taliban-8 	did-4 not-5 expect-6 	not-5	expect-6	-neg	not-5 	expect-6 
He claims that he belongs to the good side and whoever is on the other side is the evil that must be destroyed or at least deserves condemnation .

Such wishful thinking risks making the US an accomplice in the destruction of human rights .

We hope that the United States will come to realize that an active climate protection policy is not only necessary for environmental policy but is also an excellent opportunity to modernize industrial society .
	States-6	hope-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-4 United-5 States-6 	hope-2 
Basically , he is telling the world the enemies of America is not just al-Qa ` ida or Usama Bin Ladin .

In an innovative joint effort , CIA and Special Operations forces would be deployed to work together with each major Afghan faction opposed to the Taliban .

Its Indis Index is today up to seven .

Earlier , Mesa had rejected a general proposal from StatesWest to combine the two carriers in some way .
	a-6	proposal-8	-det	a-6 general-7 	proposal-8 
The agenda in those first days is worth noting , partly as a checklist for future crisis planners .

This diminishes -- slightly -- the significance of Norma Kelsey 's possible motives in verifying parts of Broaddrick 's story .

The Johannesburg Magistrate 's Court ruled on Tuesday Saad would stand trial from August 12 to 30 for the murder of diamond merchant Shai Avissar , who disappeared in 1999 .

Methodist Bishop Purity Malinga on Tuesday echoed the sentiments of South Africa 's Independent Electoral Commission -LRB- IEC -RRB- chairwoman Brigalia Bam that Zimbabwe election did not conform to international standards .
	Malinga-4	did-26	-nsubj-dep-aux	Methodist-1 Bishop-2 Purity-3 Malinga-4 	did-26 
This occurred in the weeks following 9\ , aided by overwhelming international sympathy for the United States .

It signed the Optional Protocols to Convention on the Rights of Child .

All these diplomatic and military plans were reviewed over the weekend of September 15-16 , as President Bush convened his war council at Camp David .

Pleasant Run Children 's Homes ... `` where good kids get better .

The other warrant , from April 4 , 2000 , was drafted at the request of the US Government and includes a detailed description of the man who tops the US Federal Bureau of Investigation 's -LRB- FBI -RRB- most wanted list .
	the-17	of-16	-det-pobj	the-17 US-18 	the-14 request-15 of-16 
Each member was handed a booklet containing guidelines on Zimbabwean election laws .

I mean , there 's nothing that 's visible at all to us in the outside world .

They crossed the border at Bajaur agency in North West Frontier Province on 50 vehicles , the witnesses said .

The secretary said his instinct was to hit Saddam Hussein at the same time-not only Bin Ladin .
	secretary-2	instinct-5	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj	The-1 secretary-2 	instinct-5 
President Bush also tasked the State Department , which on the following day delivered to the White House a paper titled `` Game Plan for a Political-Military Strategy for Pakistan and Afghanistan .

The recall conducted in China in 1999 was purely a precautionary measure and no reports of any incidents in China had been received at that time , China Daily quoted the statement as saying .
	as-33	saying-34	-pcomp	China-28 Daily-29 quoted-30 the-31 statement-32 as-33 	saying-34 
Avissar 's body was found in a shallow grave on a smallholding near Pretoria on October 17 , 1999 .

It also stated developed countries would give financial and technical support to those countries vulnerable to climate change , such as island nations , and alleviate the global warming 's impact by introducing devices such as satellite observation systems to monitor rising sea levels .

In Kyrgyzstan , we talk about the press in Kyrgyzstan , and we 're going to help fund an independent printing press there .

The launch was the first of six scheduled for the next seven months in a flurry of activity designed to get the space station closer to completion .

Craner : Well , I would say two things .

The consumer-products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .

To counterbalance that he needed to show that Pakistan was benefiting from his decisions .

In preparation for ratification , the government has already adopted a framework that would achieve the protocol 's target on greenhouse gas emissions .

In four space walks during the 11-day mission , astronauts will install the '' keystone '' center support unit for the International Space Station .

The FBI interviewed all persons of interest on these flights prior to their departures .

thrift said the restructuring should help it meet new capital standards from the Financial Institution Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act .

I 'm a little bit surprised by your glib answer .
	I-1	surprised-6	-nsubjpass	I-1 	'm-2 a-3 little-4 bit-5 surprised-6 
And one time I can remember , I think it was Steve , my brother , um , he , and they would give treats like candy , I do n't even remember what all kinds of prizes the would give .
	I-4	remember-6	-nsubj	I-4 	can-5 remember-6 	I-8	remember-6	-nsubj-ccomp	I-8 	can-5 remember-6 
The US naming of North Korea may annoy China , given its assistance to the United States in the war in Afghanistan .
	The-1	annoy-8	-det-nsubj	The-1 US-2 	may-7 annoy-8 
However , the letter emphasizes that for the Kyoto Protocol to be able to enter into force in the near future it is not enough for EU ratification to be guaranteed and they thus urge Putin to ensure that Russia also moves ahead with ratification .
	Putin-36	emphasizes-5	-dobj-conj-ccomp	Putin-36 	emphasizes-5 
He also had a message for those outside the United States .

The President and Vice President told us they were not aware of the issue at all until it surfaced much later in the media .

Franks told us that he was pushing independently to do more robust planning on military responses in Iraq during the summer before 9\ request President Bush denied , arguing that the time was not right .
	he-5	denied-27		he-5 	denied-27 	Bush-26	independently-8		President-25 Bush-26 	pushing-7 independently-8 
Finally , the memo said , there was no confirmed reporting on Saddam cooperating with Bin Ladin on unconventional weapons .

I think she 's dynamic , and I think she 's very smart , and she 's an amazing speaker , ' Ms. Hanover said .
	I-1	said-25	-nsubj-ccomp	I-1 	said-25 	I-8	said-25	-nsubj-conj-ccomp	I-8 	said-25 	Ms.-23	think-2	-nn-nsubj-ccomp	Ms.-23 	think-2 
It is necessary for Thai people to understand the important change in the policy of the country whose economic , political , and military influence impact on the world the most .
	people-6	understand-8	-pobj-prep-xcomp	Thai-5 people-6 	to-7 understand-8 
and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares .

General Tommy Franks , the commanding general of Central Command , recalled receiving Rumsfeld 's guidance that each regional commander should assess what these plans meant for his area of responsibility .

The camp offers summer residential programs for children from ages 7-17 , and continues contact with the campers and their families with special overnight and weekend follow-up events during the school year .

In Europe , the council of environment ministers concluded a formal political agreement on 4 March on the decision to ratify the Kyoto Protocol before 1 June this year .

Arguing that the case for links between Iraq and al Qaeda was weak , the memo pointed out that Bin Ladin resented the secularism of Saddam Hussein 's regime .
	memo-16	pointed-17	-nsubj	the-15 memo-16 	pointed-17 out-18 
The UN rapporteur 's new report on Iran , which he submitted to the commission on Friday , includes nothing new .

From the White House staff , National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice and Chief of Staff Card were part of the core group , often joined by their deputies , Stephen Hadley and Joshua Bolten .

Rice chaired a Principals Committee meeting on September 13 in the Situation Room to refine how the fight against al Qaeda would be conducted .

I am hopeful that you as an individual and Meridian Insurance as a corporation might consider becoming sustaining supporters of MCCOY .
	I-1	consider-16	-nsubj-ccomp-conj	I-1 	consider-16 
We 've been talking for years with the Saudis .

Our war on terror begins with al Qaeda , but it does not end there , '' he said .

MADRID , Sept 14 -LRB- AFP -RRB- -- Interpol on Friday released previously confidential search warrants with vital details about the life and activities of Usamah bin-Ladin , the main suspect in Tuesday 's deadly attacks in the United States .

The government 's ability to collect intelligence inside the United States , and the sharing of such information between the intelligence and law enforcement communities , was not a priority before 9\ .

The disease can be contracted if a person is bitten by a certain tick or if a person comes into contact with the blood of a Congo Fever sufferer .

`` Pakistan also ratified ILO Conventions 100 on equal remuneration and 182 on the elimination of worst forms of child labor .

This proposal places no obligation whatsoever on industrialists and is based on voluntary measures and tax incentives .

Yet few of us hear enough about kids who live through these adversities and do make the grade .

The average for migrant women in the other age groups is lower than the national average .

Your quick response will help us begin organizing our prizes .

Compensating victims .

Malinga , who was based in southern Matabeleland near Beitbridge , said the election were characterised by -- among others -- intimidation .

The inspector general of the Justice Department found significant problems in the way the 9\ detainees were treated .

The force , based in Lyon , France , will work non-stop to `` help to filter any information coming from Interpol country members , '' Noble said .

Early symptoms of the disease include severe headaches , red eyes , fevers and cold chills , body pain , and vomiting .

The general opinion among other developed countries , however , is that the scientific data is commonly interpreted as linking droughts , floods and rising tides to global warming .
	global-28	opinion-3	-amod-pobj-prep-conj-dobj-pcomp-prep-ccomp-nsubj	global-28 	general-2 opinion-3 
It should be remembered that after Bush described the Kyoto Protocol as `` fundamentally flawed '' international negotiations on climate protection almost collapsed .
	international-17	negotiations-18	-amod	international-17 	negotiations-18 
The majority report , endorsed only by the ANC , said the observer mission had noted that over three million Zimbabweans had cast their votes and this substantially represented the will of the people .
	mission-14	will-31	-nsubj-ccomp-conj-dobj	the-12 observer-13 mission-14 	will-31 	ANC-9	endorsed-5	-pobj-prep	the-8 ANC-9 	endorsed-5 	people-34	will-31	-pobj-prep	the-33 people-34 	will-31 
Islamabad , March 18 , IRNA - Central Leader of Pakistan People Party -LRB- PPP -RRB- and former provincial minister of North-West Frontier Province -LRB- NWFP -RRB- Seyed Qamar Abbas has rejected US state department report on Human Rights in Iran and other countries , saying America has no right to make such a report as it is itself the violator of human rights .
	Abbas-30	saying-46	-nsubj-vmod	Seyed-28 Qamar-29 Abbas-30 	saying-46 	Islamabad-1	saying-46	-nn-dep-conj-prep-pobj-rcmod-vmod	Islamabad-1 	saying-46 
To the contrary , every flight we have identified occurred after national airspace reopened .

Craner : Well , yeah , I understand .
	I-7	understand-8	-nsubj	I-7 	understand-8 
The delegation said that a causal relation between unusual climatic phenomena and greenhouse gas emissions has not been proved .
	delegation-2	The-1	-det	delegation-2 	The-1 
Rice told us the administration was concerned that Iraq would take advantage of the 9\ attacks .
	Rice-1	concerned-7	-nsubj-dep	Rice-1 	concerned-7 
For the first time in history , all nonemergency civilian aircraft in the United States were grounded , stranding tens of thousands of passengers across the country .

In spite of that , Pleasant Run Children 's Homes , with the help of hundreds of volunteers and others who really care , continues to make a significant impact on the futures of families and kids in need of help .
	volunteers-18	care-23	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-rcmod	volunteers-18 and-19 others-20 	really-22 care-23 
The diamond merchant was married to Hazel Crane , a close friend of Madikizela-Mandela .

A Defense Department paper for the Camp David briefing book on the strategic concept for the war on terrorism specified three priority targets for initial action : al Qaeda , theTaliban , and Iraq .

Contingency plans for the continuity of government and the evacuation of leaders had been implemented .

According to the White House , this should make it possible to reduce `` the intensity of greenhouse gas emission generated by the US economy '' by 18 % over the next 10 years , an objective described by the Bush Administration as `` comparable '' to that imposed by the Kyoto Protocol .
	Administration-42	According-1	-pobj-prep-ccomp-prep	the-40 Bush-41 Administration-42 	According-1 to-2 
Indis Index Update : NBC , in its Juanita Broaddrick broadcast last night , turned up an additional three witnesses who recall being told by Broaddrick in the late 1970s that Bill Clinton raped her .

It is our goal that every young person in Marion County have access to the programs and services that can best assist them in their growth toward a positive adulthood .
	It-1	goal-4	-nsubj	It-1 	is-2 our-3 goal-4 
Or , you can fax us at 241-2760 , or e-mail , icfundrzr@aol.com .

She also had a skin rash and was vomiting .

The company said the restructuring 's initial phase will feature a gradual reduction in assets and staff positions .

Saad will remain in custody until the trial .

Jameson is a not-for-profit agency established in 1928 to serve the youth of central Indiana who have special needs .

Recent weeks have seen important developments on both sides of the Atlantic for the policy pursued in combating climate change .

A year ago , Benjamin Franklin had profit of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share .

The aim is to lower polluting emissions from 183 tonnes per million dollars of GDP to 151 tonnes in 2012 .

After hearing from his senior advisers , President Bush discussed with Rice the contents of the directives he would issue to set all the plans into motion .

And as far as minorities are concerned , they enjoy rights equal to those of the Muslim majority , as they have their own representatives in Parliament and practice their religion quite freely .

In other cases , he made unfounded charges by accusing Iran of discrimination against women and minorities .
	he-5	charges-8	-nsubj-dobj	he-5 	charges-8 by-9 accusing-10 	women-15	accusing-10	-pobj-prep	women-15 and-16 minorities-17 	made-6 unfounded-7 charges-8 by-9 accusing-10 
This can hardly be described as ambitious as a 15 percent increase in energy efficiency was in any event expected given present productivity levels .

Whether a country agrees with and regardless of how it views the US policy , the United States is taking the direction that emphasizes its national security and confrontation with the countries that Washington regards as enemies .
	country-3	regards-35	-nsubj-advcl-dobj-ref-nsubj-ccomp	a-2 country-3 	regards-35 	it-10	views-11	-nsubj	it-10 	views-11 	Washington-34	views-11	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj-ref-dobj-advcl-advcl-prep-pcomp	Washington-34 	views-11 	States-18	regards-35	-nsubj-advcl-ccomp-dobj-ref-nsubj-ccomp	the-16 United-17 States-18 	regards-35 
The pre-9 \ 11 draft presidential directive on al Qaeda evolved into a new directive , National Security Presidential Directive 9 , now titled `` Defeating the Terrorist Threat to the United States .

In the presidential election , he campaigned on economic and education issues and barely scraped through .

Following his speech , President Bush met again with his National Security Council -LRB- NSC -RRB- , expanded to include Secretary of Transportation Norman Mineta and Joseph Allbaugh , the director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency .

Lucky attendees can go home with a great prize .

The paper took it as a given that Bin Ladin would continue to act against the United States even while under Taliban control .

I hope you 're gong to see more of an effect from this administration .
	I-1	hope-2	-nsubj	I-1 	hope-2 
But the early briefings to the President and Secretary Rumsfeld on military options were disappointing .

`` Bush hopes to take advantage of his trip to forge a consensus with U.S. allies in the Asia-Pacific area on his administration 's fight against terrorism and the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
	Bush-2	forge-11	-nsubj-xcomp-dobj-prep-pobj-vmod	Bush-2 	forge-11 a-12 consensus-13 	in-17	hopes-3	-prep-vmod-pobj-prep-dobj-xcomp	U.S.-15 allies-16 in-17 the-18 Asia-Pacific-19 area-20 	hopes-3 
Attorney General John Ashcroft told us that he saw his job in directing this effort as `` risk minimization , '' both to find out who had committed the attacks and to prevent a subsequent attack .
	he-8	committed-28	-nsubj-dep-ccomp	he-8 	had-27 committed-28 
People do not believe whatever the America says , '' he concluded .

The President had a message for the Pentagon : `` The hour is coming when America will act , and you will make us proud .

He simply condenses his foreign policy for others to easily understand by distinguishing the evil from the good .
	He-1	understand-11	-nsubj-vmod	He-1 	easily-10 understand-11 	others-8	distinguishing-13	-pobj-prep-vmod-prep-pcomp	others-8 	distinguishing-13 
Other regimes faced hard choices , he pointed out : `` Every nation , in every region , now has a decision to make : Either you are with us , or you are with the terrorists .
	he-7	decision-22	-nsubj-dep-dobj	he-7 	decision-22 
Having issued directives to guide his administration 's preparations for war , on Thursday , September 20 , President Bush addressed the nation before a joint session of Congress .

As they worked on defining the goals and objectives of the upcoming campaign , they considered a paper that went beyond al Qaeda to propose the `` elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life , '' an aim that would include pursuing other international terrorist organizations in the Middle East .

Craner : I would place Iraq and North Korea and Libya and a couple of other countries into that category .
	I-3	place-5	-nsubj	I-3 	would-4 place-5 
The booklet was published by the Electoral Institute of South Africa , in Pretoria .

The President also tasked Rumsfeld to ensure that robust measures to protect American military forces against terrorist attack were implemented worldwide .

The purpose of this meeting , '' he recalled saying , `` is to assign tasks for the first wave of the war against terrorism .
	he-8	The-1	-nsubj-parataxis-nsubj-det	he-8 	The-1 
In addition , if the US economy continues to grow , the increased energy efficiency will be canceled out or more than canceled out .

During the year 2000 border guards confiscated 2,950 kilos of drugs , including 670 kilos of heroin , Kondratyev noted .

Powell said that President Bush did not give Wolfowitz 's argument `` much weight .

With this major decision , the European Union is opening the door to the entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol for climate protection just in time for the world summit on sustainable development to be held in August 2002 in Johannesburg .

In connection with this , a number of documents on exports of controlled goods and technology to Iraq , passed in 1997 and 2001 , have been made obsolete .

The events on 11 September forced Bush to overhaul the US foreign policy .

Please help us help them .

Hanover 's press secretary , Joannie Danielides , said this week that Ms. Hanover had no comment on Mrs. Clinton 's potential Senate campaign .

Demonizing the enemy will guarantee that peace will not be gained through war .

Many have already opined that the mayor is too vituperative , too much of a loner to practice the congenial , teamwork-oriented politics of the Senate ; other doubters have pointed to his hardhearted , uncaring social policies .
	Many-1	pointed-31	-nsubj-parataxis	Many-1 	pointed-31 
The United States would need to integrate diplomacy , financial measures , intelligence , and military actions into an overarching strategy .

Interestingly , although Copithorne has not visited Iran since 1996 , he continues to submit his Iran reports to the UN Commission on Human Rights without having any knowledge of the realities in the Islamic Republic .
	Iran-17	knowledge-29	-nn-dobj-nsubj-nsubj-xcomp-prep-pcomp-dobj	Iran-17 	any-28 knowledge-29 	his-16	knowledge-29	-poss-dobj-nsubj-nsubj-xcomp-prep-pcomp-dobj	his-16 	any-28 knowledge-29 
He quoted Psalm 23 - `` though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death .

Eventually , 768 aliens were arrested as `` special interest '' detainees .

These CIA teams would act jointly with the military 's Special Operations units .

Giuliani makes Ken Starr look like a patsy , '' cried Time this week .
	Time-12	cried-11	-dobj	Time-12 	cried-11 	Starr-4	cried-11	-nsubj-ccomp-ccomp	Ken-3 Starr-4 	cried-11 
Rice prepared a paper that President Bush then considered with principals on Monday morning , September 17 .

When Blair asked about Iraq , the President replied that Iraq was not the immediate problem .
	President-8	replied-9	-nsubj	the-7 President-8 	replied-9 
In most cases he described the legal punishments like floggings and executions of murderers and major drug traffickers that are applied based on the Shria , or Islamic law as human rights violations .

The existing Infinite Resolve options did not , in his view , amount to such a plan .
	plan-17	view-11	-pobj-prep-dep-pobj	such-15 a-16 plan-17 	view-11 
It includes everything from biographical information -- Bin-Ladin was born March 10 , 1957 in Jiddah , Saudi Arabia , -- to a physical description -- black hair , brown eyes , 1.96 meters -LRB- 6 feet , 4 inches -RRB- tall and about 67 kilograms -LRB- 148 pounds -RRB- -- to the various aliases he uses .

The memo found no `` compelling case '' that Iraq had either planned or perpetrated the attacks .

Interpol will meet in Budapest from September 24-29 , where member countries will discuss methods of bringing those responsible for the attacks to justice , Espigares and Noble said .

President Bush chaired two more meetings of the NSC on September 12 .

If , however , US President George W. Bush still believes in the supremacy of human rights , he must not forget the breeding ground for terrorists that exists within the anti-terrorist alliance .

They explain that this agreement is an important step for the EU in fulfilling the political pledge to achieve ratification of the Protocol before the Johannesburg summit on sustainable development .
	They-1	pledge-17	-nsubj-ccomp-prep-pobj-amod-prep-pcomp-dobj	They-1 	pledge-17 
One of the three is Kelsey 's sister , whose motives can be similarly questioned ; the other two heard Broaddrick tell her story but did not see her bruised lip , as only Kelsey and Broaddrick 's husband claim to have .

I would say between the ages of 7 to 10 years old it , was a really big thing to go to the movie on Saturday mornings .

US activities , meanwhile , show no sign of promoting the universal values of democracy , human rights and peace .

StatesWest serves 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada .

The Federal Aviation Administration representative working in the FBI operations center made sure that the FBI was aware of the flights of Saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to depart .

On December 22 , Hamid Karzai , a Pashtun leader from Kandahar , was installed as the chairman of Afghanistan 's interim administration .

Less than one week after September 11 , an early version of what was to become the Patriot Act -LRB- officially , the USA PATRIOT Act -RRB- began to take shape .

The media conventional wisdom is that Giuliani would make Hillary Clinton 's marital problems a major campaign issue .

Pakistan 's decision to eliminate the requirement that religious minorities be elected separately from the mainstream electoral system .
	Pakistan-1	decision-3	-poss	Pakistan-1 	decision-3 
Our own independent review of the Saudi nationals involved confirms that no one with known links to terrorism departed on these flights .

Present were Vice President Cheney , Rice , Hadley , Powell , Armitage , Rumsfeld , Ashcroft , Mueller , Tenet , Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz , and Cofer Black , chief of the DCI 's Counterterrorist Center .

Beijing , July 17 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- DaimlerChrysler AG said Monday that the international recall of Mercedes-Benz luxury cars did not affect vehicle owners in China .

You 'll have to see how we do it differently .

January 5 , 1997 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Bill : This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things differently , things that will make our lives better and improve the quality of our life .
	our-43	thoughts-22	-poss-pobj-prep-dobj-conj-nsubj-ref-appos-tmod-nsubj	our-43 	thoughts-22 
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much-larger Mesa .

The study also notes that the United States offered five million dollars -LRB- 5.4 million euros -RRB- to anyone who had information that could lead to Bin-Ladin 's arrest .
	States-8	offered-9	-nsubj	the-6 United-7 States-8 	offered-9 
Even today it is difficult to find buyers outside the United States for the fuel-guzzling cars of the US automobile industry .

Hanover `` would not say whether Giuliani would run for the Senate , whether she would like him to run for Senate , or whether she would campaign for him if he did .

However , the attacks of 9\ changed everything .

The individual country reports is a compendium of alleged human rights violations culled from various sources , mostly the local media .

The United Democratic Movement was still undecided .

The woman was admitted to the hospital on Saturday after complaining of severe joint pains .
	woman-2	admitted-4	-nsubjpass	The-1 woman-2 	admitted-4 
Net for the nine months was $ 254 million , or $ 5.94 a share , up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier .

The old draft directive on al Qaeda became , in effect , the first annex .

The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months .

For instance , he denounced as a human rights violation the banning and seizure of satellite dishes in Iran , while the measure has been taken in line with the law .
	he-4	measure-23	-nsubj-advcl-nsubjpass	he-4 	the-22 measure-23 	instance-2	denounced-5	-pobj-prep	instance-2 	denounced-5 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Compaq shares fell $ 1.625 to $ 108.625 .

With the demise of the Taliban , there is arguably no government in the world that has as bad a human rights record as Saudi Arabia does .

Therefore , State and Defense would plan to build an international coalition to go into Afghanistan .
	Therefore-1	plan-7	-advmod	Therefore-1 ,-2 State-3 and-4 Defense-5 	would-6 plan-7 
It states how to implement Agenda 21 -- a U.N. global action program for environmental restoration , preservation and social development .

Question : Just give us a couple examples what you 're doing in Saudi Arabia , Uzbekistan , Egypt .

It is a fund-raising appeal .

It should therefore be implemented as quickly as possible and extended beyond the initial period of 2008-2012 .

Sales rose 50 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 1.4 billion .

The human rights report exercise was originally linked to US foreign assistance , but increasingly many countries are taking it less seriously in the face of Washington glossing over the record of its so-called allies .

Ashcroft told us he was determined to take every conceivable action , within the limits of the Constitution , to identify potential terrorists and deter additional attacks .
	Ashcroft-1	determined-6	-nsubj-dep	Ashcroft-1 	was-5 determined-6 
Between one and 10 cases of Congo Fever are reported in South Africa annually , with about 20 to 25 percent of patients dying , according to statistics from the virology institute .

The percentage of married migrant women using contraceptives is 90.6 percent , higher than the national average of 83.4 percent .

In exchange for support for its war on terror , the US is tacitly agreeing to ignore abuses by other members of the anti-terror coalition .

For some , it 's a matter of weeks or months ; for others , it 's years .

However , all the parties repeated with insistence that world climate protection can not be effective unless the United States takes measures that are comparable to these taken by Europe and Japan .

But there 's no reason why we should n't share good news at the same time .
	we-7	why-6	-nsubj-advmod	we-7 	why-6 
The President tasked principals to go beyond their pre-9 \ 11 work and develop a strategy to eliminate terrorists and punish those who support them .

Reopening the financial markets .

Malinga , who represented South African churches on 50-member mission , told journalists during breakfast at the Diakonia Council of Churches in Durban , that she was uncomfortable with the manner in which the team had been treated -- even before they left South Africa .
	team-35	with-29	-nsubjpass-prep-pobj-ref-pobj	the-34 team-35 	was-27 uncomfortable-28 with-29 	Churches-21	uncomfortable-28	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-ccomp	Churches-21 	was-27 uncomfortable-28 
Afghanistan had been liberated from the rule of the Taliban .

The European Union played a dominant role in these negotiations and the community of states concluded , at the Bonn and Marrakech conferences of July and October last year , an agreement that sets out how to implement the Kyoto Protocol and provides for an original mechanism for respecting the reduction obligations that could possibly serve as a model for other agreements and that suggests a possible strengthening of international institutional structures in the environmental field .

By September 14 , Vice President Cheney had decided to recommend , at least as a first step , a new White House entity to coordinate all the relevant agencies rather than tackle the challenge of combining them in a new department .
	Cheney-7	challenge-35	-nsubj-xcomp-xcomp-conj-dobj	Vice-5 President-6 Cheney-7 	challenge-35 	them-38	recommend-11	-dobj-pcomp-prep-dobj-conj-xcomp	them-38 	had-8 decided-9 to-10 recommend-11 	entity-24	recommend-11	-appos-pobj-prep-advmod	a-20 new-21 White-22 House-23 entity-24 	had-8 decided-9 to-10 recommend-11 
However , the use of sterilization among `` households with two daughters '' is significantly less than among households with at least one son .

Those with two children mostly undergo sterilization .

INS attorneys charged with prosecuting the immigration violations had trouble getting information about the detainees and any terrorist connections ; in the chaos after the attacks , it was very difficult to reach law enforcement officials , who were following up on other leads .

Giuliani 's estrangement from his wife , Donna Hanover , is made clear in an interview with Hanover that appears in today 's New York Times .

Franks said that President Bush again turned down the request .

The implementation documents , being drawn up at an intergovernmental meeting at U.N. headquarters in New York , are based on a chairman 's paper announced at the second session of the preparatory meeting in January .

As of July 2004 , Bin Ladin and Zawahiri are still believed to be at large .

In March 2002 , the largest engagement of the war was fought , in the mountainous Shah-i-Kot area south of Gardez , against a large force of al Qaeda jihadists .

The Inkatha Freedom Party , Democratic Alliance , New National Party , African Christian Democratic Party , the Pan Africanist Congress and the United Christian Democratic Party had disagreed with the ANC conclusion .
	Congress-21	conclusion-33	-conj-nsubj-prep-pobj	the-18 Pan-19 Africanist-20 Congress-21 and-22 the-23 United-24 Christian-25 Democratic-26 Party-27 	conclusion-33 	the-31	disagreed-29	-det-pobj-prep	the-31 ANC-32 	had-28 disagreed-29 	Party-16	conclusion-33	-conj-nsubj-prep-pobj	African-13 Christian-14 Democratic-15 Party-16 	conclusion-33 
In a written set of instructions slightly refined during the morning meeting , President Bush charged Ashcroft , Mueller , and Tenet to develop a plan for homeland defense .

Number one , I disagree that it 's the worst violator .
	I-4	the-9	-nsubj-ccomp-det	I-4 	the-9 worst-10 
In over-the-counter trading yesterday , Benjamin Franklin rose 25 cents to $ 4.25 .

The United States would strive to eliminate all terrorist networks , dry up their financial support , and prevent them from acquiring weapons of mass destruction .

He said it was his opinion that the patient -- a woman -- was suffering from tick bite fever .
	He-1	opinion-6	-nsubj-ccomp	He-1 	was-4 his-5 opinion-6 
The motorcade consisted of a military police lead vehicle and a van ; the proposed briefing theater had no phones or electrical outlets .

A couple of weeks ago , the US state department in its annual report had revealed that Iran , Pakistan and some other countries are the violators of human rights .

Within the Pentagon , Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz continued to press the case for dealing with Iraq .

No one who has ever studied realist political science will find this surprising .

The launch was a milestone in U.S. space flight .

In his view , Chien went on , the main purpose of Bush 's current Asia visit is to promote world peace and security .

After extraordinary emergency efforts involving the White House , the Treasury Department , and the Securities and Exchange Commission , aided by unprecedented cooperation among the usually competitive firms of the financial industry , the markets reopened on Monday , September 17 .

Women in Iran hold managerial , academic and parliamentary posts and even have positions in the government and the cabinet .

Researchers have shown that without a determined policy on climate coordinated at international level the consequences of climate change will be dramatic .

According to Rice , the issue of what , if anything , to do about Iraq was really engaged at Camp David .

Q : But I heard this before .
	Q-1	:-2		Q-1 	:-2 
He made such charges despite the fact that women 's political , social and cultural participation is not less than that of men .
	He-1	made-2	-nsubj	He-1 	made-2 
He said Bush is expected to discuss bilateral security cooperation , Japan 's economic reforms and financial aid to Afghanistan in his talks with Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi .

In the United States , on 14 February President Bush presented the US national climate protection program .

Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international -LCB- sales -RCB- represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , '' he said .
	he-30	surprised-11	-nsubj-ccomp	he-30 	would-8 not-9 be-10 surprised-11 to-12 see-13 
For me , for my country , it 's the death of President -LRB- John F. -RRB- Kennedy .

Details of the restructuring wo n't be made final until regulators approve the regulations mandated by the new federal act , the company said .
	until-10	approve-12	-mark	final-9 until-10 regulators-11 	approve-12 the-13 regulations-14 mandated-15 
Shelton told us the administration reviewed all the Pentagon 's war plans and challenged certain assumptions underlying them , as any prudent organization or leader should do .

The Kyoto Protocol is a first major step .

Craner : Okay .

The United States has pulled out of the protocol , which obliges developed countries to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases , and announced in February a voluntary U.S. plan to slow the growth of global warming gasses .
	U.S.-28	voluntary-27	-nn-amod	U.S.-28 	voluntary-27 	protocol-9	plan-29	-pobj-prep-conj-dobj	the-8 protocol-9 	plan-29 
`` America always follows its interests .

A computer glitch marred the countdown as engineers frantically reloaded software , finishing the job with just 11 seconds to spare .

On September 13 , President Bush promised to provide $ 20 billion for New York City , in addition to the $ 20 billion his budget director had already guessed might be needed for the country as a whole .
	director-27	promised-7	-nsubj-rcmod-conj-dobj-xcomp	his-25 budget-26 director-27 	promised-7 	Bush-6	On-1	-nsubjpass-prep	President-5 Bush-6 	On-1 
Deciding when and how to return border and port security to more normal operations .

President Bush directed Secretary of State Powell to deliver an ultimatum to the Taliban along the lines that his department had originally proposed .
	Bush-2	ultimatum-11	-nsubj-vmod-dobj	President-1 Bush-2 	an-10 ultimatum-11 	Powell-7	proposed-23	-pobj-prep-dobj-vmod-ccomp	State-6 Powell-7 	proposed-23 	Taliban-14	ultimatum-11	-pobj-prep-dobj	the-13 Taliban-14 along-15 the-16 lines-17 	an-10 ultimatum-11 	department-20	ultimatum-11	-nsubj-ccomp-dobj	his-19 department-20 	an-10 ultimatum-11 
Chien Hsi-chieh is a DPP legislator and executive director of the Peacetime Foundation of Taiwan .

Even local observers could not enter these stations , '' she said .
	she-11	Even-1	-nsubj-advcl-advmod	she-11 	Even-1 
Guidelines on this subject issued in August 2001 by Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson essentially recapitulated prior guidance .

And also at this theater , they gave prizes to different people .

The rate of using long-term contraceptive methods is higher among women with one son than women with one daughter .

In April , 28-year-old South African millionaire Mark Shuttleworth will visit the station .

said shareholders approved its acquisition by Royal Trustco Ltd. of Toronto for $ 27 a share , or $ 212 million .

To encourage industry and consumers to demonstrate environmental public spiritedness Mr. Bush proposes tax incentives of $ 4.6 billion for the adoption of renewable sources of energy .
	spiritedness-10	encourage-2	-dobj-xcomp	public-9 spiritedness-10 Mr.-11 Bush-12 	encourage-2 
The State Department was also tasked to develop a plan to stabilize Pakistan and to be prepared to notify Russia and countries near Afghanistan when hostilities were imminent .

`` There are moments in every nation 's history which are marked forever .

After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea .

The detainees were lawfully held on immigration charges .

By implementing our European and national climate protection programs we will succeed in creating several hundred thousand new jobs by 2010 .

Of the women surveyed , 87.2 percent -LRB- 24,310 -RRB- were married , higher than the national average of 82.3 percent -LRB- according to the 1997 National Population and Reproductive Health Survey -RRB- .

But for the world , September 11 is a day that will mark the entire world , '' Noble said .

The thrift holding company said it expects to obtain regulatory approval and complete the transaction by year-end .
	it-6	thrift-2	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj-nn	it-6 	thrift-2 	The-1	expects-7	-det-nsubj-ccomp	The-1 	expects-7 
This is where we need your help .

The President blamed al Qaeda for 9\ and the 1998 embassy bombings and , for the first time , declared that al Qaeda was `` responsible for bombing the USS Cole .
	President-2	blamed-3	-nsubj	The-1 President-2 	blamed-3 
They concluded that none of the passengers was connected to the 9\ attacks and have since found no evidence to change that conclusion .

The Kyoto pact grew out of the Conference of the Parties -LRB- COP -RRB- to the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change , which itself came out of UNCED .

So we would go every Saturday morning .

He told us he recalled Iraqi support for Palestinian suicide terrorists as well .
	He-1	recalled-5	-nsubj-dep	He-1 	recalled-5 	terrorists-11	recalled-5	-pobj-prep	terrorists-11 	recalled-5 
WASHINGTON : Unprecedented scepticism and scorn accompanied the release by the United States on Monday of its annual human rights report amid charges of hypocrisy and double standards arising from the ongoing war on terrorism .

This is less than the registration rate of migrant women with no or one child .

The two warrants -- from 1998 and 2000 -- were released at a press conference here by Interpol President Jesus Espigares of Spain and Secretary General Ronald K. Noble of the United States .

Unfortunately , the recent US climate protection program falls far short of meeting such expectations .

Four days later the Taliban had fled from Kabul .

Craner : Because I do n't yet know the effect in Saudi Arabia .
	I-4	know-8	-nsubj	I-4 	do-5 n't-6 yet-7 know-8 	Arabia-13	know-8	-pobj-prep-dobj	Saudi-12 Arabia-13 	do-5 n't-6 yet-7 know-8 
Ashcroft ordered all special interest immigration hearings closed to the public , family members , and press ; directed government attorneys to seek denial of bond until such time as they were `` cleared '' of terrorist connections by the FBI and other agencies ; and ordered the identity of the detainees kept secret .

Also by September 18 , Powell had contacted 58 of his foreign counterparts and received offers of general aid , search-and-rescue equipment and personnel , and medical assistance teams .

The US is planning to extend military aid to several countries in the alliance to enable them to root out terrorists without using US forces .
	US-2	is-3	-nsubj-aux	The-1 US-2 	is-3 
The line that Bush draws between friends and foes has never been any clearer .

It will not end until every terrorist group of global reach has been found , stopped , and defeated .

Iraq was not even on the table during the September 15 afternoon session , which dealt solely with Afghanistan .

Vice President Cheney described the President 's mood as somber .

Responding to a presidential tasking , Clarke 's office sent a memo to Rice on September 18 , titled `` Survey of Intelligence Information on Any Iraq Involvement in the September 11 Attacks .

For the countries that regard the three countries as friends or not evil , they are considered to be enemies of the United States .
	countries-3	that-4	-ref	the-2 countries-3 	that-4 regard-5 
Craner : And I think I 've outlined that .

The most glaring examples are Russia 's suppression of resis-tance to its rule in Chechnya , China 's suppression of independence advocates in Xinjiang and the Falun Gong movement , and Israel 's treatment of Palestinians .

While the plan at the elementary school had been to return to Washington , by the time Air Force One was airborne at 9:55 A.M. the Secret Service , the President 's advisers , and Vice President Cheney were strongly advising against it .
	Cheney-38	advising-41	-nsubj	the-30 President-31 's-32 advisers-33 ,-34 and-35 Vice-36 President-37 Cheney-38 	were-39 strongly-40 advising-41 against-42 	plan-3	advising-41	-nsubj-advcl-conj	the-2 plan-3 	were-39 strongly-40 advising-41 against-42 
See if he 's linked in any way .

In addition to that behind-the-scenes role , MCCOY has taken an out-front role in developing a Summer Bus Pass , neighborhood youth councils , and the We Value Youth information line .

Barcelona , 14 March : The current president of the EU , Jose Maria Aznar , and the president of the European Commission , Romano Prodi , have sent a letter to Russian President Vladimir Putin in which they urge him to promote the ratification by Russia of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change .
	they-39	promote-43	-nsubj-xcomp	they-39 	to-42 promote-43 	him-41	urge-40	-dobj	him-41 	urge-40 	president-8	urge-40	-dep-appos-nsubj-prep-pobj-rcmod	The-6 current-7 president-8 of-9 the-10 EU-11 	urge-40 
At present , citizens from Poland , Japan and the United States are being tested by Rosaviakosmos .

The goal was the `` elimination of terrorism as a threat to our way of life .

When the larger meeting that included his domestic department heads broke up , President Bush chaired a smaller meeting of top advisers , a group he would later call his `` war council .

Q : Lorne , I want to follow up on Saudi Arabia .
	Arabia-12	want-6	-pobj-prep-xcomp	Saudi-11 Arabia-12 	want-6 	I-5	follow-8	-nsubj	I-5 	to-7 follow-8 up-9 
It is not enough that he sees those countries as evil , he wants his allies to feel the same way about them as well .
	countries-9	sees-7	-nsubj-xcomp	those-8 countries-9 	sees-7 	them-23	way-21	-pobj-prep	them-23 	to-17 feel-18 the-19 same-20 way-21 	he-13	It-1	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj	he-13 	It-1 
They make this request `` convinced of the Russian Federation 's resolute commitment to the Kyoto Protocol '' and believing that in this manner the EU and Russia would continue to show the `` leadership '' which they believe they have shared `` with such fruitful results , in international cooperation in the fight against climate change '' .
	They-1	convinced-6	-nsubj-dep	They-1 	convinced-6 	they-38	believing-20	-nsubj-dobj-ref-dobj-nsubj-nsubj-ccomp	they-38 	believing-20 	EU-26	believe-39	-nsubj-xcomp-dobj-rcmod	the-25 EU-26 and-27 Russia-28 	believe-39 	they-40	believing-20	-nsubj-ccomp-dobj-ref-dobj-nsubj-nsubj-ccomp	they-40 	believing-20 
But the administration knew that the Taliban was unlikely to turn over Bin Ladin .
	Taliban-7	knew-4	-nsubj-ccomp	the-6 Taliban-7 	knew-4 
They will hand over the terrorists , or they will share in their fate .

The fighters were led by Maulana Mohammad Ismail , leader of the radical Tehreek Nifaz-e-Sharia Mohammadi .

The Cabinet endorsed for Diet approval a bill for ratification of the Kyoto Protocol as well as a revision bill on measures to fight global warming .
	Cabinet-2	bill-8	-nsubj-dobj	The-1 Cabinet-2 	approval-6 a-7 bill-8 
This spiteful attitude clearly shows that Copithorne is only a hireling tasked with tarnishing the image of the Islamic Republic and its senior officials .
	officials-24	attitude-3	-conj-pobj-prep-dobj-pcomp-prep-ccomp-nsubj	senior-23 officials-24 	attitude-3 
In its so-called war against terrorism and against weapons of mass destruction lies its covert motive and that is its strategic and economic interests , '' Abbas added .
	Abbas-27	added-28	-nsubj	Abbas-27 	added-28 
The principals agreed that the overall message should be that anyone supporting al Qaeda would risk harm .
	Qaeda-14	agreed-3	-nsubj-ccomp-vmod-ccomp	al-13 Qaeda-14 	agreed-3 
`` Therefore , we have complete confidence that the instruments of ratification of the European Community and of the 15 member states will be able to be lodged with the Secretariat of the United Nations within the time scale anticipated , in other words , in early June of this year , '' they add .
	we-4	anticipated-40	-nsubj-dobj-dep-nsubj-nsubjpass-prep-pobj-vmod	we-4 	anticipated-40 
The spokesman said that the US report ignored the implementation of almost all initiatives announced and set at an April 2000 human rights conference .

Mazar-e-Sharif , in northern Afghanistan , fell to a coalition assault by Afghan and U.S. forces on November 9 .

`` We were also advised to be vigilant in what we say in private and in public , '' Malinga said .

In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Kimberly-Clark closed at $ 66.50 a share , up $ 1.50 .

Organizing federal emergency assistance .

She believed that SAOM head , Dr Sam Motsuenyane had probably based his findings on the guidelines .
	Dr-7	believed-2	-nn-nsubj-ccomp	Dr-7 	believed-2 	She-1	SAOM-4	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj	She-1 	SAOM-4 
The very process of reviewing these issues underscored the absence of an effective government organization dedicated to assessing vulnerabilities and handling problems of protection and preparedness .

We found no evidence that anyone at the White House above the level of Richard Clarke participated in a decision on the departure of Saudi nationals .
	nationals-26	found-2	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-ccomp	Saudi-25 nationals-26 	found-2 no-3 evidence-4 	We-1	in-18	-nsubj-ccomp-prep	We-1 	in-18 a-19 decision-20 
Mr. Swavely said the new space will allow Compaq to increase the manufacturing capacity of its plant in Erskine , Scotland .

Critics in the media sharply questioned such duplicity at Monday 's briefing as Lorne Cramer , US Assistant Secretary for Democracy , Human Rights , and Labor , struggled to defend American policy .
	Critics-1	struggled-29	-nsubj-advcl	Critics-1 in-2 the-3 media-4 	struggled-29 to-30 defend-31 	US-17	questioned-6	-nn-appos-nsubj-advcl	US-17 	sharply-5 questioned-6 	Labor-27	questioned-6	-conj-pobj-prep-appos-nsubj-advcl	Labor-27 	sharply-5 questioned-6 
The `` three liters for 100 kilometers '' car , high efficiency turbines , and solar panels are export successes and their development is driven by a climate protection policy of growing amplitude .

Furthermore , concerning assistance to island countries , although the U.S. delegation agreed to establish satellite observation systems , it demanded that wording about the impact of global warming be deleted .
	delegation-12	wording-23	-nsubj-rcmod-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-ccomp-nsubjpass	the-10 U.S.-11 delegation-12 	wording-23 
The average number of 15 - to 19-year-old migrant women who are married with children is higher than the national average .

It argued that of the three , al Qaeda and Iraq posed a strategic threat to the United States .

Clarke told us , `` I asked the FBI , Dale Watson .

The Saudi government was advised of and agreed to the FBI 's requirements that passengers be identified and checked against various databases before the flights departed .
	government-3	agreed-8	-nsubjpass-conj	The-1 Saudi-2 government-3 	agreed-8 
The warnings by climate experts went unheeded in the US climate protection program .
	experts-5	unheeded-7	-pobj-prep-nsubj-dep	climate-4 experts-5 	unheeded-7 
They concluded that if Pakistan decided not to help the United States , it too would be at risk .
	They-1	risk-19	-nsubj-ccomp-prep-pobj	They-1 	risk-19 
We appreciate your support of our first event of this type .

Though continuing to worry about Iraq in the following week , Powell said , President Bush saw Afghanistan as the priority .
	Bush-16	saw-17	-nsubj	President-15 Bush-16 	saw-17 	Powell-12	saw-17	-nsubj-advcl	Powell-12 	saw-17 
PHASE TWO '' AND THE QUESTION OF IRAQ President Bush had wondered immediately after the attack whether Saddam Hussein 's regime might have had a hand in it .
	regime-21	wondered-12	-nsubj-ccomp	Saddam-18 Hussein-19 's-20 regime-21 	wondered-12 
The State Department proposed delivering an ultimatum to the Taliban : produce Bin Ladin and his deputies and shut down al Qaeda camps within 24 to 48 hours , or the United States will use all necessary means to destroy the terrorist infrastructure .
	Department-3	proposed-4	-nsubj	The-1 State-2 Department-3 	proposed-4 delivering-5 an-6 ultimatum-7 
The US anti-terrorist alliance has become the embodiment of two-sided justice .

But the unexpected happened and what followed -- Usama Bin Ladin and the war in Afghanistan -- have elevated foreign policy to become the central part of his administration .

The family-friendly event , September 20 , 1997 , will include a hog roast , activities for kids and adults , prizes for activities , and a small raffle .

In the letter , to which Efe has had access , Aznar and Prodi explain that on 4 March the council of EU environment ministers agreed the adoption of a decision for approval of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change on behalf of the European Community .
	council-21	decision-31	-nsubj-dobj-prep-pobj	the-20 council-21 of-22 EU-23 environment-24 ministers-25 	decision-31 for-32 approval-33 	Prodi-14	decision-31	-conj-nsubj-ccomp-dobj-prep-pobj	Prodi-14 	decision-31 for-32 approval-33 
The latest move , a sign that the United States is stiffening in its attitude toward the pact , will likely draw the ire of other countries , including those in the European Union as well as Japan , which want an early implentation of the Kyoto protocol .
	States-10	want-41	-nsubj-dep-appos-nsubj-dobj-prep-pobj-conj-rcmod	the-8 United-9 States-10 	want-41 	including-29	ire-24	-prep	other-26 countries-27 ,-28 including-29 those-30 in-31 the-32 European-33 Union-34 	the-23 ire-24 of-25 
Writing to Rumsfeld on September 17 in a memo headlined `` Preventing More Events , '' he argued that if there was even a 10 percent chance that Saddam Hussein was behind the 9\ attack , maximum priority should be placed on eliminating that threat .
	Hussein-30	argued-18	-nsubj-ccomp-xcomp-parataxis	Saddam-29 Hussein-30 	argued-18 
On the afternoon of 9\ , according to contemporaneous notes , Secretary Rumsfeld instructed General Myers to obtain quickly as much information as possible .

This means that his annual anti-Iran reports are only dictated to him by Zionist circles and arrogant powers like the United States that lost their illegitimate interests in Iran with the victory of the Islamic Revolution and downfall of their puppet Pahlavi regime .

We 're proud of our children and all that they overcome .
	We-1	proud-3	-nsubj	We-1 	proud-3 
He told IRNA in an interview on Monday , `` America has killed thousands of innocent people in almost all parts of the globe particularly in the Muslim world .
	America-11	told-2	-nsubj-dep	America-11 	told-2 
When Air Force One landed at Barksdale at about 11:45 , personnel from the local Secret Service office were still en route to the airfield .

While he believed the details of Clarke 's account to be incorrect , President Bush acknowledged that he might well have spoken to Clarke at some point , asking him about Iraq .
	he-2	asking-29	-nsubj-advcl-ccomp-xcomp	he-2 	asking-29 	Bush-15	believed-3	-nsubj-advcl	President-14 Bush-15 	believed-3 
To earn legitimacy , however , US interests must be made to appear just .

That evening the Deputies Committee returned to the pending presidential directive they had labored over during the summer .

Secretary Powell said the United States had to make it clear to Pakistan , Afghanistan , and the Arab states that the time to act was now .
	Pakistan-13	said-3	-pobj-prep-xcomp-nsubj-nsubj-ccomp	Pakistan-13 	said-3 
President Bush reluctantly acceded to this advice and , at about 10:10 , Air Force One changed course and began heading due west .

Q : But what is it -- that does n't answer the question .
	Q-1	question-13	-dep-ccomp-dobj	Q-1 	question-13 
The report on India , for instance , is more than 100 pages long and painstakingly lists incidents of rights violation across the country both by the government and terrorist , militant , and subversive groups .

But she did say in the interview , which was conducted before the recent frenzy of speculation about Hillary Rodham Clinton 's interest in the same New York Senate seat , that Mrs. Clinton is a ` very interesting ' person .
	Clinton-21	interest-23	-poss	Hillary-19 Rodham-20 Clinton-21 's-22 	interest-23 	she-2	speculation-17	-nsubj-ccomp-prep-pobj-ref-nsubjpass-prep-pobj-prep-pobj	she-2 	speculation-17 
The 1998 warrant charged that Bin-Ladin , a Saudi billionaire housed as a `` guest '' in Afghanistan , was involved in the 1994 murder of two Germans in Syrte , Libya .
	warrant-3	charged-4	-nsubj	The-1 1998-2 warrant-3 	charged-4 
President Bush instructed Rumsfeld and Shelton to develop further the Camp David military plan to attack the Taliban and al Qaeda if the Taliban rejected the ultimatum .
	Taliban-24	instructed-3	-nsubj-advcl-vmod-dobj-xcomp	the-23 Taliban-24 	instructed-3 
The word `` axis '' reminds me of the grouping of countries during World War I and II that were enemies of the Allies .

The company said the debentures are being issued at an issue price of $ 849 for each $ 1,000 principal amount and are convertible at any time prior to maturity at a conversion price of $ 25 a share .

The spokesman said : `` The Government has amended Pakistan Citizenship Act of 1951 to enable women of Pakistani descent to claim Pakistani nationality for their children born to foreign husbands .

This is civilization 's fight , '' he said .

Copithorne , who has served in the UN post since 1995 , through his Iran reports to the UN Commission on Human Rights -LRB- UNCHR -RRB- , whose 53 member states open an annual six-week session on March 18 , has clearly shown that he is under the strong influence of Zionist circles and Washington 's biased attitude towards the Islamic Republic .
	Copithorne-1	attitude-58	-nsubj-ccomp-prep-pobj-conj	Copithorne-1 	biased-57 attitude-58 	he-45	attitude-58	-nsubj-prep-pobj-conj	he-45 	biased-57 attitude-58 	circles-53	attitude-58	-pobj-prep-conj	Zionist-52 circles-53 	biased-57 attitude-58 
It included a determination to use military force if necessary to end al Qaeda 's sanctuary in Afghanistan .

It drew on the Infinite Resolve `` phased campaign '' plan the Pentagon had begun developing in November 2000 as an addition to the strike options it had been refining since 1998 .

She recalled that in the first Camp David session chaired by the President , Rumsfeld asked what the administration should do about Iraq .

The plan had four phases .

It is also an approach better suited to the new century and its increasing international diversity .

Finally , he directed Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill to craft a plan to target al Qaeda 's funding and seize its assets .

Though he emphasized the worldwide nature of the conflict , the references to specific enemies or regions named only the Taliban , al Qaeda , and Afghanistan .
	al-23	emphasized-3	-nn-conj-dobj-advcl	al-23 	emphasized-3 
In the late afternoon , the President overruled his aides ' continuing reluctance to have him return to Washington and ordered Air Force One back to Andrews Air Force Base .

`` Those who submit to its policies are showered upon favors , '' he added .
	its-6	added-15	-poss-pobj-prep-nsubj-ref-nsubj-ccomp	its-6 	added-15 	submit-4	to-5	-prep	Those-2 who-3 submit-4 	to-5 
Amid widespread domestic criticism over curtailment of civil liberties , US officials labored to convince a disbelieving press corps that the exercise was evenhanded .

President George W. Bush considered , moreover , that it would be `` irresponsible '' not to ask India and China to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions .
	Bush-4	considered-5	-nsubj	President-1 George-2 W.-3 Bush-4 	considered-5 
The chairman 's paper stated that the countries will do their best to ensure 1997 Kyoto Protocol is put into effect in 2002 to curb global warming .

`` The Government of Pakistan , therefore , feels constrained to reject the assessment of the report about Pakistan , and the tendency of some states to sit in judgement over others .
	Government-3	reject-12	-nsubj-acomp-xcomp	The-2 Government-3 of-4 Pakistan-5 	reject-12 	to-11	constrained-10	-aux-xcomp	to-11 	feels-9 constrained-10 
Drug dealers have lost some 3,600 kilos of narcotics including more than a tonne of heroin on the Tajik-Afghan border since the beginning of the year , the colonel said .

Craner : We are talking to the Saudi government about how to do that , and we are going to encourage others in the Muslim world , in the Arab world , who are trying to make their societies more democratic .
	We-3	encourage-21	-nsubj-conj-xcomp	We-3 	encourage-21 	Craner-1	encourage-21	-dep-conj-xcomp	Craner-1 	encourage-21 	government-9	going-19	-pobj-prep-conj	the-7 Saudi-8 government-9 	are-18 going-19 to-20 encourage-21 
See if Saddam did this , '' Clarke recalls the President telling them .
	telling-12	recalls-9	-dep	the-10 President-11 telling-12 them-13 	recalls-9 
`` At one station were not allowed in and told that we had nothing to do with the Zimbabwe issue .

Sales rose 6.2 % to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.37 billion .

In Phase Four , civilian and military operations turned to the indefinite task of what the armed forces call `` security and stability operations .

The 44-foot-long , 27,000-pound '' S-Zero '' structure 's first job will be to support a new solar energy array nearly an acre in size , stretching more than a football field in length .

The Secret Service was also interested in refueling the aircraft and paring down the size of the traveling party .
	Service-3	paring-12	-nsubj-prep-pcomp-conj	The-1 Secret-2 Service-3 	paring-12 down-13 
This may result in more intense armed confrontation .

Taipei , Feb. 18 -LRB- CNA -RRB- -- Minister of Foreign Affairs Eugene Chien said Monday he does not expect any surprise developments to come from U.S. President George W. Bush 's visit to mainland China later this week .
	Taipei-1	expect-20	-nsubj-ccomp	Taipei-1 	expect-20 
In a preliminary , Motsuenyane declared the Zimbabwe poll `` legitimate '' , adding they could , however , not be openly described as free and fair .
	Motsuenyane-5	declared-6	-nsubj	Motsuenyane-5 	declared-6 	poll-9	declared-6	-dep-dep	the-7 Zimbabwe-8 poll-9 	declared-6 
`` America has a double standard policy .

You talk about what we 're doing tangibly in every other country but Saudi Arabia .

said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response .
	its-4	offer-5	-poss	its-4 	offer-5 
However , he hoped that the people of the world can no more be kept in dark .

It starts today .

CAPE CANAVERAL - Seven astronauts and a truckload of hardware are racing toward the International Space Station following the successful blastoff Monday of the space shuttle Atlantis .

He knew he would soon be striking the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
	Afghanistan-14	knew-2	-pobj-prep-dobj-ccomp	Afghanistan-14 	knew-2 
Noting that this is Bush 's first visit to the Asia-Pacific area following his attendance at the annual informal leadership meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum last October , Chien said the Ministry of Foreign Affairs -LRB- MOFA -RRB- is keeping close tabs on the current trip .

Scientists estimate that the industrialized countries must reduce their emissions to around 70 percent by 2020 to maintain climate change at an acceptable level .

A 26 November 2001 article in Zhongguo Renkou Bao reported that in April 2001 , the State Family Planning Commission initiated its transprovincial floating population investigation by surveying the marriage , birth , and birth control situations of 27,879 migrant women between the ages of 15 and 49 .

posted a 20 % gain in third-quarter net income .

I will call you in a few weeks to discuss your level of interest .

Other delegates in SAOM aligned themselves with the findings of the Southern African Development Community parliamentary forum that said the vote had not met SADC 's norms and standards .

He thought the U.S. response should consider a wide range of options and possibilities .
	He-1	range-10	-nsubj-ccomp-dobj	He-1 	wide-9 range-10 	options-12	thought-2	-pobj-prep-dobj-ccomp	options-12 	thought-2 
At 8:30 that evening , President Bush addressed the nation from the White House .

At the September 17 NSC meeting , there was some further discussion of `` phase two '' of the war on terrorism .

Speculating about other possible states that could be involved , the President told us he also thought about Iran .

Publishing such biased reports will only create mistrust among nations regarding the objectives and independence of the UN Commission on Human Rights .
	among-9	mistrust-8	-prep-dobj	among-9 nations-10 	mistrust-8 
We need your help in continuing the work of Jameson Camp .
	We-1	need-2	-nsubj	We-1 	need-2 
For the moment Mr. Bush simply proposes to curb the increase in harmful gas emissions and is counting on the good will of US industrialists , who account for 36 % of the greenhouse gas produced by industrialized countries -LRB- as opposed to 31.6 % for Europe -RRB- .

Medical Department head Dr Hamid Saeed said the patient 's blood had been sent to the Institute for Virology in Johannesburg for analysis and the results of the first two sets of tests -- for illnesses other than Congo fever -- arrived back on Monday night and were negative .

Chien said he appreciated statements made by Bush prior to his departure that Taiwan is a friend of the United States and that the Taiwan Strait issue should be resolved peacefully .

What is most interesting about the reports is the section on Israel .

Although White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card remembered someone telling him about the Saudi request shortly after 9\ , he said he had not talked to the Saudis and did not ask anyone to do anything about it .
	Card-8	talked-26		White-2 House-3 Chief-4 of-5 Staff-6 Andrew-7 Card-8 	had-24 not-25 talked-26 
Taliban vehicles were waiting on the other side of the border in Afghanistan 's Kunar province .

So this new version has new bases .

Contrary to the preceding one , the plan proposed by Washington Thursday thus no longer has any binding procedure and is based on voluntary measures and tax incentives .

No American , he said , `` will ever forget this day .

In response to a request about the counterterrorism benefits of the 9\ detainee program , the Justice Department cited six individuals on the special interest detainee list , noting that two -LRB- including Moussaoui -RRB- were linked directly to a terrorist organization and that it had obtained new leads helpful to the investigation of the 9\ terrorist attacks .

The Phase Two strikes and raids began on October 7 .

The debentures are available through Goldman , Sachs & Co. .

Clarke added , `` I have no recollection of clearing it with anybody at the White House .
	anybody-13	recollection-8	-pobj-prep-pcomp-prep	anybody-13 at-14 the-15 White-16 House-17 	have-6 no-7 recollection-8 
The basing arrangements contemplated for Phase One were substantially secured-after arduous effort-by the end of that month .

In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share .

A senior al Qaeda detainee has stated that U.S. government efforts after the 9\ attacks to monitor the American homeland , including review of Muslims ' immigration files and deportation of nonpermanent residents , forced al Qaeda to operate less freely in the United States .

Chatterbox feels a little dense for not realizing sooner that the subtext -LRB- and hence much of the appeal -RRB- of a Hillary Clinton-Rudy Giuliani Senate race would be Wronged Wife vs. Neglectful Husband .

Chien said the Republic of China government hopes that the United States will continue to play the role of `` promoter , stabilizer and balancer '' in cross-strait relations .
	Republic-4	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 Republic-4 of-5 China-6 government-7 	said-2 
The Pentagon had been struck ; the White House or the Capitol had narrowly escaped direct attack .

Under the US program , US emissions as a proportion of GDP must fall by 18 percent between 2002 and 2012 , or in other words energy efficiency must increase by 18 percent .

Only about 30 percent of the migrant women who are married with two or more children have obtained official migrant population marriage documentation as required by the Procedures For Managing Floating Population Family Planning .

The CENTCOM commander told us he renewed his appeal for further military planning to respond to Iraqi moves shortly after 9\ , both because he personally felt that Iraq and al Qaeda might be engaged in some form of collusion and because he worried that Saddam might take advantage of the attacks to move against his internal enemies in the northern or southern parts of Iraq , where the United States was flying regular missions to enforce Iraqi no-fly zones .
	he-6	worried-44		he-6 	worried-44 	he-43	worried-44		he-43 	worried-44 	commander-3	worried-44		The-1 CENTCOM-2 commander-3 	worried-44 	he-25	worried-44		he-25 	worried-44 
It passed along a few foreign intelligence reports , including the Czech report alleging an April 2001 Prague meeting between Atta and an Iraqi intelligence officer -LRB- discussed in chapter 7 -RRB- and a Polish report that personnel at the headquarters of Iraqi intelligence in Baghdad were told before September 11 to go on the streets to gauge crowd reaction to an unspecified event .

Washington 's kid glove treatment of its so-called allies such as Saudi Arabia and Pakistan came up for withering scrutiny at a briefing to release the 2001 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices , an annual administrative exercise mandated by the Congress that many feel has increasingly become a meaningless ritual .
	many-44	mandated-39	-amod-nsubj-ccomp	many-44 	mandated-39 
Secretary Rumsfeld later explained that at the time , he had been considering either one of them , or perhaps someone else , as the responsible party .

After emphasizing that the first priority was to help the injured and protect against any further attacks , he said : `` We will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbor them .
	he-19	said-20	-nsubj	he-19 	said-20 	We-23	emphasizing-2	-nsubj-ccomp-prep-pcomp	We-23 	emphasizing-2 
On the morning of September 13 , the national airspace reopened for use by airports that met newly improvised security standards .

The Germany-based auto giant recalled 150,000 Mercedes-Benz luxury cars throughout Europe and the Middle East on Friday to fix a defect that could cause the driver 's side air bag to deploy prematurely , the newspaper said .

They reviewed the day 's events .

It advocates a voluntarist approach to the fight against global warming by directly linking the objectives of greenhouse gas reduction to US economic growth .

Many of the children have learning disabilities , behavioral problems , or come from economically distressed families .

He also ordered Secretary Rumsfeld to develop a military plan against the Taliban .

In Uzbekistan , we 're undertaking a program to help a variety of civil society groups around the country come together to formulate future plans .

With an annual economic growth objective of 3 percent , absolute US emissions in 2012 will be 24.5 percent more than 1990 levels , despite the improvement in energy efficiency .

The human rights report poses a substantial challenge to the US interpretation of good and evil .

President Bush ordered the Defense Department to be ready to deal with Iraq if Baghdad acted against U.S. interests , with plans to include possibly occupying Iraqi oil fields .

Shortly thereafter , President Bush authorized broad new authorities for the CIA .

So if you missed one Saturday you would miss what happened in a particular episode and you , um , would n't know what had taken place .
	you-3	know-23	-nsubj-advcl-conj	you-3 	would-21 n't-22 know-23 	you-17	So-1	-nsubj-conj-cc	you-17 	So-1 
The last thing he needs is to draw more attention to these qualities in his personal life .

Secretary Powell recalled that Wolfowitz-not Rumsfeld-argued that Iraq was ultimately the source of the terrorist problem and should therefore be attacked .

By comparison , respect for the Kyoto Protocol requires the EU to reduce its emissions by 8 percent compared with 1990 , Japan by 6 percent , and the United States by 7 percent , a figure accepted by President Clinton in 1997 .

The terrorist groups may step up sabotage of US targets and the US allies .

Rice 's chief staffer on Afghanistan , Zalmay Khalilzad , concurred in its conclusion that only some anecdotal evidence linked Iraq to al Qaeda .
	Rice-1	concurred-11	-poss-nsubj	Rice-1 	concurred-11 in-12 its-13 conclusion-14 	Qaeda-24	concurred-11	-pobj-prep-ccomp	al-23 Qaeda-24 	concurred-11 in-12 its-13 conclusion-14 
`` They can see and observe the unjust and discriminatory policies of America .

Staff scrambled to prepare another room for the President 's remarks , while the lead Secret Service agent reviewed the security situation with superiors in Washington .

As a former pilot , the President was struck by the apparent sophistication of the operation and some of the piloting , especially Hanjour 's high-speed dive into the Pentagon .

This event is designed to be fun for campers , their families , friends of the camp , neighbors , staff , and anyone interested in finding out more about Jameson .

But Shelton added a new element-the possible significant use of ground forces - and that is where President Bush reportedly focused his attention .

The door remains wide open for the United States to return to the Kyoto process : The biggest emitter of greenhouse gases can not be relieved of its responsibilities for global climate protection .

During the third quarter , Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations .

Some members of his administration , he commented , had expressed a different view , but he was the one responsible for making the decisions .
	members-2	commented-8	-nsubj-parataxis	Some-1 members-2 of-3 his-4 administration-5 	commented-8 
And he saw this as one way of using this event as a way to deal with the Iraq problem .
	he-2	And-1	-nsubj-cc	he-2 	And-1 
The United States , having pulled out of the Kyoto Protocol , is now objecting to its implementation in 2002 being mentioned as one of the goals for a global environmental agenda being drawn up at the United Nations .

Given this background , he wondered why so little thought had been devoted to the danger of suicide pilots , seeing a `` failure of imagination '' and a mind-set that dismissed possibilities .
	he-5	thought-10	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubjpass	he-5 	thought-10 	pilots-19	wondered-6	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-ccomp	pilots-19 	wondered-6 
The report is generally quite frank and its wording strong , but it proposes no corrective action .

General Shelton briefed the principals on the preliminary plan for Afghanistan that the military had put together .

The United States would punish not just the perpetrators of the attacks , but also those who harbored them .

Pakistan will need full US support as it proceeds with us , '' the embassy noted .
	embassy-15	noted-16	-nsubj	the-14 embassy-15 	noted-16 
And the big group of people would go stand on the stairs and there would be probably 30 or 40 kids in the picture .

NSC staff members had begun leading meetings on terrorist fund-raising by September 18 .

Q : You did n't answer my question .
	Q-1	You-3	-dep-nsubj	Q-1 	You-3 
Although the woman 's condition had deteriorated on Sunday it was showing improvement on Monday .

`` But I have the intention of working with nations , particularly developing nations , to convince them that a better approach exists , '' he said .
	he-26	have-4	-nsubj-ccomp	he-26 	have-4 the-5 intention-6 	I-3	But-2	-nsubj-cc	I-3 	But-2 	them-18	have-4	-dobj-vmod	them-18 	have-4 the-5 intention-6 
PLANNING FOR WAR By late in the evening of September 11 , the President had addressed the nation on the terrible events of the day .

Tommy Franks , the commanding general of Central Command -LRB- CENTCOM -RRB- , told us that the President was dissatisfied .

If you want a holiday in space and have the means to pay for it , Russia offers you the trip of a lifetime .
	you-2	pay-13	-nsubj-conj-dobj-vmod	you-2 	pay-13 
He made clear that the military should focus on targets that would influence the Taliban 's behavior .
	He-1	made-2	-nsubj	He-1 	made-2 clear-3 
An expert examination showed that the sacks contained 86.9 kilos of pure heroin , head of the press service of Russia 's Border Troops in Tajikistan Colonel Aleksandr Kondratyev told ITAR-TASS on Saturday .

For example , some 660 US soldiers have been dispatched to the Philippines to join Filipino soldiers to suppress the Abu Sayyaf .

Russia pioneered space tourism in April , 2001 , when the Californian millionaire Denis Tito was taken to the ISS for a ten-day space trip .

Bush 's objective is clear .
	objective-3	clear-5	-nsubj	Bush-1 's-2 objective-3 	is-4 clear-5 
Our enemy is a radical network of terrorists , and every government that supports them .

`` The report fails to acknowledge the important policy measures and initiatives by the Government of Pakistan to promote and protect human rights , '' a Foreign Office spokesman said .
	spokesman-29	promote-19	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj-nsubj-vmod	a-26 Foreign-27 Office-28 spokesman-29 	to-18 promote-19 
The United Nations human rights rapporteur , Maurice Copithorne , on Friday once again repeated his stereotyped allegations against the Islamic Republic by expressing concern over what he called human rights violations in Iran .
	Copithorne-9	repeated-15	-appos-nsubj	Maurice-8 Copithorne-9 	repeated-15 his-16 stereotyped-17 allegations-18 
By early December , all major cities had fallen to the coalition .

The bill was submitted to the Diet later that day .

MCCOY Inc. , originally founded as a government agency but re-organized in 1993 as an independent not-for-profit , is a county-wide youth services coordinating , planning , and convening agency .

The U.S. government delegation , however , demanded that these statements in the chairman 's paper be reworded to say that countries would tackle climate change in line with the schedule agreed upon at COP7 -LRB- the seventh session of COP -RRB- , which mapped out implementation of the Kyoto Protocol at an appropriate time .
	delegation-4	demanded-8	-nsubj	The-1 U.S.-2 government-3 delegation-4 	demanded-8 
The two have similar symptoms .

Even though almost all military mobilizations in history have been motivated by notions of good versus evil or of orthodoxy versus unorthodoxy , efforts to present the naked pursuit of US interests as a battle of good versus evil reflect a lack of understanding and tolerance .

Its purpose is to encourage collaboration and cooperation between the various agencies , programs , and systems that serve our community 's youth .

We ask every nation to join us .

Assistant Secretary Craner : I 'll throw out a few examples .

Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third-quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier .

President Bush recalled that he quickly realized that the administration would have to invade Afghanistan with ground troops .
	Bush-2	realized-7	-nsubj-ccomp	President-1 Bush-2 	quickly-6 realized-7 
After all , compromising between the interests of many different countries is much better than succumbing to the interests of a single country .

To prove that human rights are important ammunition in the battle against terror , then , the US must attack terrorism to make human rights matter to these countries .

The US has shown no inclination to punish allies it bankrolls such as Egypt and Turkey while berating countries less relevant to it .
	to-7	inclination-6	-aux-vmod	to-7 	has-3 shown-4 no-5 inclination-6 
I 'm asking specifically about one country .

Put simply , what we are seeing is the naked pursuit of US interests .

Rice said President Bush began the meeting with the words , `` We 're at war , '' and that Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet said the agency was still assessing who was responsible , but the early signs all pointed to al Qaeda .

Vice President Cheney reviewed the proposal with President Bush and other advisers .

After we receive your commitment , we will contact you about picking up your contribution .

The U.S. military , Franks said , did not have an off-the-shelf plan to eliminate the al Qaeda threat in Afghanistan .

Craner : Yes .

CENTCOM also began dusting off plans for a full invasion of Iraq during this period , Franks said .

The immediate objective was to find a safe location-not too far away-where the President could land and speak to the American people .

The new directive-formally signed on October 25 , after the fighting in Afghanistan had already begun-included new material followed by annexes discussing each targeted terrorist group .

The election was run by the police and the army who carried weapons .

`` The United States has more than once briefed us on the main purposes of Bush 's Asia tour before his departure and repeatedly guaranteed that Taiwan 's interests wo n't be sacrificed during Bush 's trip , '' Chien told a news conference .
	Chien-40	guaranteed-25	-nsubj-ccomp-conj	Chien-40 	repeatedly-24 guaranteed-25 
Craner : You 'll have to judge by the outcome .

Within about two months of the start of combat operations , several hundred CIA operatives and Special Forces soldiers , backed by the striking power of U.S. aircraft and a much larger infrastructure of intelligence and support efforts , had combined with Afghan militias and a small number of other coalition soldiers to destroy theTaliban regime and disrupt al Qaeda .

Many studies show that an active policy of climate protection is not in any way contrary to a policy of full employment .

It denounces human rights violation but supports Israel for perishing the Muslims in Palestine and Lebanon , '' Abbas criticized .
	Abbas-19	denounces-2	-nsubj-ccomp	Abbas-19 	denounces-2 	Lebanon-16	criticized-20	-conj-pobj-prep-pcomp-prep-conj-ccomp	Lebanon-16 	criticized-20 
While secular and democratic countries such as India merit a litany , a country like Saudi Arabia , one of the least free countries in the world , was turned over in 32 pages .

The clearance process approved by the Justice Department was time-consuming , lasting an average of about 80 days .

Many believed that Bush was naive about foreign affairs .
	Many-1	was-5	-nsubj-ccomp-cop	Many-1 	was-5 	that-3	believed-2	-mark-ccomp	that-3 Bush-4 	believed-2 
The United States , Britain , local Zimbabwean observers , and the Commonwealth observer team also described the poll as not free and fair .

In Phase Three , the United States would carry out `` decisive operations '' using all elements of national power , including ground troops , to topple the Taliban regime and eliminate al Qaeda 's sanctuary in Afghanistan .

He reiterated the ultimatum that had already been conveyed privately .

The exclusion of China from the recall has led to claims that the firm was biased against Chinese customers .

Some -LRB- such as Zacarias Moussaoui -RRB- were actually in INS custody before 9\ ; most were arrested after .

`` Instead of making itself the champion of the global fight against the greenhouse effect , the United States is moving in exactly the opposite direction from that followed by the rest of the international community with the Kyoto Protocol , '' according to Greenpeace .
	with-37	according-43	-prep-prep	the-31 rest-32 of-33 the-34 international-35 community-36 with-37 the-38 Kyoto-39 Protocol-40 	according-43 to-44 Greenpeace-45 
Presented Thursday 14 February by President George W. Bush , this alternative plan for slowing down global warming moves away from the binding measures of implementation of the Kyoto Protocol , recently approved by more than 170 countries in Marrakech , but rejected in March 2001 by President Bush , who deemed it harmful to the US economy and reproached it for imposing constraints on industrialized countries only .
	Bush-9	reproached-60	-pobj-prep-nsubj-conj-prep-pobj-ref-nsubj-conj	President-6 George-7 W.-8 Bush-9 	reproached-60 
Like a box of ice cream sandwiches .

For Spain , -LRB- it 's -RRB- the military forces attacking democracy .

'' You spent a few extra days in Florida , '' NASA launch director Mike Leinbach told Atlantis commander Mike Bloomfield moments before liftoff .

Consolidating the anti-terrorist alliance and expanding the war against terror are overshadowing concerns about human rights .

Iraq had been an enemy of the United States for 11 years , and was the only place in the world where the United States was engaged in ongoing combat operations .

And one particular movie theater we went to , they would show serials every Saturday , which were a continued story .

The telecommunications network in the Iraqi Kurdish region was largely in tatters after the Gulf war in 1991 .

Q : Because other administrations told us that they 've talked to the Saudis about human rights and democracy issues , participation in women 's rights and all of it .

It therefore detailed specific U.S. demands for the Taliban : surrender Bin Ladin and his chief lieutenants , including Ayman al Zawahiri ; tell the United States what the Taliban knew about al Qaeda and its operations ; close all terrorist camps ; free all imprisoned foreigners ; and comply with all UN Security Council resolutions .

We 're talking to them at many levels about these issues in their country .

Originally titled `` Infinite Justice , '' the operation 's code word was changed-to avoid the sensibilities of Muslims who associate the power of infinite justice with God alone-to the operational name still used for operations in Afghanistan : `` Enduring Freedom .

Pakistan made its decision swiftly .

That 's almost enough for Chatterbox to jump on the Hillary for Senate bandwagon .

President Bush argued that the new war went beyond Bin Ladin .
	Bush-2	that-4	-nsubj-ccomp-mark	President-1 Bush-2 	that-4 
These are special children .

SAOM on Monday stopped short of declaring the Zimbabwean presidential election free and fair , but the African National Congress majority on the committee declared the poll `` credible '' .
	poll-27	declared-25	-dep-dep	the-26 poll-27 	declared-25 	committee-24	declared-25	-pobj-prep-nsubj	the-23 committee-24 	declared-25 
Evaluating legislative proposals to bail out the airline industry and cap its liability .

Recently , the system of joint electorates has been introduced respecting the wishes of the minority communities , '' the spokesman said .

A close look will show that the United States has already carried out this aggressive policy in abrupt and rapid manner without comprehensively consulting with the countries concerned .

President Bush approved military plans to attack Afghanistan in meetings with Central Command 's General Franks and other advisers on September 21 and October 2 .

The quarter-to-quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year-earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama .

He was flown by helicopter back to the White House , passing over the still-smoldering Pentagon .

US reticence is not therefore a reason for us to reduce our climate protection efforts .
	US-1	reticence-2	-nn	US-1 	reticence-2 
The Taliban must act , and act immediately , '' he said .

The numbers of children who deserve our services are rising ... as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them .

In his report , the UN human rights rapporteur also interfered in Iran 's internal affairs .

Tonight , '' he said , `` we are a country awakened to danger .

These initiatives included the promulgation of the Juvenile Justice System Ordinance , the establishment of a Permanent Commission on the Status of Women , police and jail reforms , national policy and Plan of Action for elimination of child labor and establishment of a fund for rehabilitation of working children .

Bush deliberate used the term to emphasize to the world the adversarial US position toward the three countries that , according to Washington 's claim , still assist terrorists and seek to develop lethal weapons .

Mission specialist Jerry L. Ross , a grandfather , became the first astronaut to make seven space flights .

The launch came after a four-day delay caused when a liquid hydrogen vent pipe sprung a leak during fueling on Thursday .

The new US policy deserves to be closely analyzed and monitored .

They had killed or captured about a quarter of the enemy 's known leaders .

`` We hope that people will keep calm .
	We-2	will-6	-nsubj-ccomp-aux	We-2 	will-6 
As you begin that process this year , I would like to ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County Commission on Youth , Inc. .

Paul was always of the view that Iraq was a problem that had to be dealt with , '' Powell told us .
	Paul-1	view-6	-nsubj-prep-pobj	Paul-1 	view-6 
The China Consumers Association said Monday that it had received five complaints of problems related with Benz cars in China , according to China Daily .

If the effects of climate change were not so devastating and our action were to be guided by economic competition , we Europeans could welcome the fact that the United States is not committing itself to an ambitious climate protection program , in so far as the technologies in the field of energy efficiency and renewable energy are the technologies of the future .
	Europeans-23	welcome-25	-nsubj	we-22 Europeans-23 	could-24 welcome-25 	States-31	committing-34	-nsubj	the-29 United-30 States-31 	is-32 not-33 committing-34 itself-35 
Federal , state and local governments are freezing or withdrawing much-needed funding sources for people who are truly in need .

We now know that the US withdrawal did not stop the world community from deepening this important multilateral agreement for combating climate change .

In this restricted National Security Council meeting , the President said it was a time for self-defense .

There are things I would point to .

None of the officials we interviewed recalled any intervention or direction on this matter from any political appointee .
	we-5	recalled-7	-nsubj-rcmod-pobj-prep-nsubj	we-5 	recalled-7 
Net for the year-earlier nine months also included a gain of $ 9.7 million , or 15 cents a share , in the carrying value of the Conner investment .

Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting .

Mohammed Atef , al Qaeda 's military commander and a principal figure in the 9\ plot , had been killed by a U.S. air strike .

He said those countries and nations which are independant in real sense of the world and do not take dictation from the US or accepts its supremacy are labeled as human rights violators .
	He-1	accepts-25	-nsubj-conj	He-1 	accepts-25 
Sun Microsystems Inc. , a computer maker , announced the effectiveness of its registration statement for $ 125 million of 63\ % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 .

This new White House entity would be a homeland security adviser and Homeland Security Council-paralleling the National Security Council system .

But environmentalists immediately attacked this US proposal .
	this-5	attacked-4	-det-dobj	this-5 US-6 	immediately-3 attacked-4 
We are a not-for-profit , multi-service agency .

The Secret Service wanted a place where the President could spend several days , if necessary .

And they 'd take the picture and then you would go back the next Saturday after they had been developed and they would have circled 3 or 4 people in the picture and the people whose head was circled would get the prizes .

Finally , the plan detailed a public U.S. stance : America would use all its resources to eliminate terrorism as a threat , punish those responsible for the 9\ attacks , hold states and other actors responsible for providing sanctuary to terrorists , work with a coalition to eliminate terrorist groups and networks , and avoid malice toward any people , religion , or culture .

In Phase Two , air strikes and Special Operations attacks would hit key al Qaeda and Taliban targets .

On September 20 , President Bush met with British Prime Minister Tony Blair , and the two leaders discussed the global conflict ahead .

A set of tests specifically for Congo fever were still outstanding .

Craner : They do n't have elections .

Apart from criticizing the `` axis of evil '' countries for abusing human rights , it also listed abuses in several countries that are members of the anti-terrorist alliance .
	it-16	criticizing-3	-nsubj-prep-pcomp	it-16 	criticizing-3 	members-25	criticizing-3	-nsubj-ref-dobj-prep-pcomp	members-25 of-26 the-27 anti-terrorist-28 alliance-29 	criticizing-3 
The circumstance has led Bush to again adopt an aggressive policy .

Those are just two examples that are coming out of my office .

The United States has demanded that wording on bringing the Kyoto Protocol on global warming into effect in 2002 be excluded from the implementation documentation of a global environmental agenda being drawn up at the third session of the preparatory meeting of the U.N. Conference on Environment and Development -LRB- UNCED -RRB- , sources said Thursday .
	States-3	excluded-21	-nsubj-ccomp	The-1 United-2 States-3 	excluded-21 	U.N.-44	demanded-5	-nn-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-vmod-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-ccomp	U.N.-44 	has-4 demanded-5 
Bam on Sunday said she believed Zimbabwe 's election was not free and fair , adding they were not in line with international standards as well as those of her organization .
	she-5	believed-6	-nsubj	she-5 	believed-6 
But , he told us , he now wondered how that action was connected to what might need to be done in Somalia , Yemen , or Iraq .

The goal of our organized camping experience is to improve the total health of the children socially , emotionally , and physically .

In the 1989 period also , interest expense and tax rates were lower than a year ago .

The President completed his statement , which for security reasons was taped and not broadcast live , and the traveling party returned to Air Force One .

It does not matter where in the world , he will vigorously hunt terrorists down if they are perceived to seek to target the United States .
	he-10	will-11	-nsubj-aux	he-10 	will-11 vigorously-12 	they-17	will-11	-nsubjpass-advcl-aux	they-17 	will-11 vigorously-12 
Omar 's response was `` not negative on all these points .

The White House hastened to describe the Bush plan as `` the most audacious program in American history aiming at reducing power station gas emissions , '' considering that it would be possible to save the administration up to $ 1 billion , compared to the costs that binding rules would lead to .
	Bush-8	considering-28	-nn-dobj-nsubj-nsubj-xcomp-prep-pobj-vmod	Bush-8 	considering-28 	House-3	describe-6	-nsubj	The-1 White-2 House-3 hastened-4 	to-5 describe-6 
On the same day , Deputy Secretary of State Armitage was called by Mahmud Ahmed regarding a two-day visit to Afghanistan during which the Pakistani intelligence chief had met with Mullah Omar and conveyed the U.S. demands .

Other administrations have talked about these issues .

IMMEDIATE RESPONSES AT HOME As the urgent domestic issues accumulated , White House Deputy Chief of Staff Joshua Bolten chaired a temporary `` domestic consequences '' group .

Determining federal assistance .

Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said .

Tenet described a plan for collecting intelligence and mounting covert operations .

Powell said that Wolfowitz was not able to justify his belief that Iraq was behind 9\ .
	Powell-1	belief-11	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj-nsubj-dobj	Powell-1 	belief-11 
In Phase One , the United States and its allies would move forces into the region and arrange to operate from or over neighboring countries such as Uzbekistan and Pakistan .

I have enclosed a packet of information about MCCOY and its work as well as an application with various options for supporting the youth of our community .

Dushanbe , 21 July : A patrol of Russia 's border guards discovered two sacks filled with narcotics on the Moskva border detachment 's section of the Tajik-Afghan border on Friday -LRB- 20 July -RRB- .

The minister further said that since the communication channels between Taiwan and the United States have been operating smoothly , MOFA can fully grasp any possible developments .

Demand for these technologies is increasing worldwide .

On September 19 , Rumsfeld offered several thoughts for his commanders as they worked on their contingency plans .

Extraordinary security precautions were put in place at the nation 's borders and ports .

And it would be irresponsible to absolve them from shouldering some of the shared obligations '' in the fight against global warming .

`` Even in the queues at polling centres there was a lot of fear and tension .

The Kurds in the areas outside the control of Baghdad have managed to restore a large part of the network and expand it to other services , such as , mobile telephones and internet .

StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .

to stop al Qaeda operatives at its border and end all logistical support for Bin Ladin ; to give the United States blanket overflight and landing rights for all necessary military and intelligence operations ; to provide territorial access to U.S. and allied military intelligence and other personnel to conduct operations against al Qaeda ; to provide the United States with intelligence information ; to continue to publicly condemn the terrorist acts ; to cut off all shipments of fuel to the Taliban and stop recruits from going to Afghanistan ; and , if the evidence implicated bin Ladin and al Qaeda and the Taliban continued to harbor them , to break relations with the Taliban government .

The directive would now extend to a global war on terrorism , not just on al Qaeda .

Q : -LRB- Inaudible -RRB- before -- that previous administrations have done before on Saudi Arabia .

Second , we found no evidence of political intervention .
	we-3	found-4	-nsubj	we-3 	found-4 
She said international observers were treated with suspicion by the police .
	observers-4	with-7	-nsubjpass-prep	international-3 observers-4 	with-7 suspicion-8 	police-11	by-9	-pobj	the-10 police-11 	were-5 treated-6 with-7 suspicion-8 by-9 
The average global temperature will increase by 5.8 d C by 2100 , sea levels will rise by up to 90 cm over the same period , and there will be an increasing number of hurricanes with ever more serious consequences , while man and nature will have to cope with a shift in climate and rainfall zones the like of which has never been seen before .

Yuri Koptev , the director of the Russian Aerospace Agency , Rosaviakosmos , confirmed that Russia is looking for space tourists to visit the International Space Station -LRB- ISS -RRB- in October .

Restoring civil aviation .

`` Developing nations such as China and India already account for a majority of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions .

The return of the United States to the system must remain our goal .

A central provision of the proposal was the removal of `` the wall '' on information sharing between the intelligence and law enforcement communities -LRB- discussed in chapter 3 -RRB- .

Craner : We 're getting there .

Iran tried to become more helpful to the United States during the war in Afghanistan , but now that it has been identified as an `` evil '' it likely will readjust its stance .
	its-33	identified-23	-poss-dobj-rcmod-pobj-prep	its-33 	has-21 been-22 identified-23 
StatesWest had proposed acquiring Mesa for $ 7 a share and one share of a new series of StatesWest 6 % convertible preferred stock it values at $ 3 a share .

I would look at the last paragraph , the last couple paragraphs , of the President 's State of the Union Address .

His standing in Pakistan was certain to suffer .

The Kimberley Provincial Hospital said it would probably know by Tuesday whether one of its patients had Congo Fever .
	it-6	know-9	-nsubj	it-6 	would-7 probably-8 know-9 	Hospital-4	said-5	-nsubj	The-1 Kimberley-2 Provincial-3 Hospital-4 	said-5 
And another , um , that was in , that was in High Point , NC .

Secretary Rumsfeld urged the President and the principals to think broadly about who might have harbored the attackers , including Iraq , Afghanistan , Libya , Sudan , and Iran .
	Iran-30	urged-3	-conj-pobj-prep	Iran-30 	urged-3 	Afghanistan-23	urged-3	-appos-pobj-prep	Afghanistan-23 	urged-3 
The issue came up in one of the many video teleconferences of the interagency group Clarke chaired , and Clarke said he approved of how the FBI was dealing with the matter when it came up for interagency discussion at his level .
	he-22	said-21	-nsubj-ccomp	he-22 	said-21 	issue-2	approved-23	-nsubj-conj-ccomp	The-1 issue-2 	approved-23 
Espigares and Noble also said that Interpol has created a task force , named `` September 11 , '' after the date on which two hijacked airplanes crashed into the World Trade Center in New York City and another hit the Pentagon in Washington , leaving thousands dead .

A written statement made by the company 's China branch revealed that no glitches had been found in China since its last recall in 1999 , Tuesday 's China Daily reported .

We 're talking to a lot of people across the Arab and Muslim world about these issues in their countries and about how they can serve as examples to others .

Clarke has written that on the evening of September 12 , President Bush told him and some of his staff to explore possible Iraqi links to 9\ .

The term `` Axis of Evil '' that President George W. Bush used to label Iraq , Iran , and North Korea has now become a hot , much-discussed phrase .

First , we found no evidence that any flights of Saudi nationals , domestic or international , took place before the reopening of national airspace on the morning of September 13 , 2001 .
	we-3	found-4	-nsubj	we-3 	found-4 no-5 evidence-6 
They evaluated legislative options , eventually setting up a federal compensation fund and defining the powers of a special master to run it .

Although the US role is identified as participation in military exercise or as adviser , the real purpose is the soldiers are sent there to participate in missions that the targets are the groups that are regarded as enemies of the United States .

A total of 158 cases of Congo Fever were diagnosed in southern Africa between 1981 and the end of 2000 .

One question was what kind of public health advice to give about the air quality in Lower Manhattan in the vicinity of the fallen buildings .

And if they had no objections , it would be fine with me .
	it-8	had-4	-nsubj-advcl	it-8 	had-4 no-5 objections-6 	they-3	would-9	-nsubj-advcl-aux	they-3 	would-9 be-10 
Sales rose 6.7 % to $ 4.27 billion from $ 4 billion .

They come into a Pleasant Run program ... whether it 's for therapeutic help in their own homes -LRB- which nurtures whole families -RRB- , through foster care families or in the familial surroundings of our residential homes .

The countries that possess the lethal weapons are the targets of suppression by the United States .

He wondered aloud how much evidence the United States would need in order to deal with these countries , pointing out that major strikes could take up to 60 days to assemble .

We have assessed this effort to detain aliens of `` special interest .

The three-week battle was substantially successful , and almost all remaining al Qaeda forces took refuge in Pakistan 's equally mountainous and lightly governed frontier provinces .

The secretary of defense directed the nation 's armed forces to Defense Condition 3 , an increased state of military readiness .

In the first meeting , he stressed that the United States was at war with a new and different kind of enemy .
	meeting-4	stressed-7	-pobj-prep	meeting-4 	stressed-7 	different-19	stressed-7	-conj-amod-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-ccomp	different-19 	stressed-7 
`` Many people were also unable to vote because their names were not on the voters ' role .

The spokesman said that despite these developments , the report states ` the Govt 's human rights record remained poor ' .
	states-11	`-12		the-9 report-10 states-11 	`-12 
The world has heated up a notch .

The federal executive authorities , in particular the Economic Development and Trade Ministry , have been directed through the Russian Foreign Ministry `` to cooperate with the United Nations Supervision , Control , and Inspection Commission and the International Atomic Energy Agency on issues connected with the functioning of the international mechanism for constant supervision and control in relations to Iraq '' .

Moreover , those with children mostly use long-term contraceptive methods .

`` There is a free place for the flight in October and we are looking for someone who would like to take it '' , he declared .
	we-13	like-20	-nsubj-prep-pobj-rcmod	we-13 	would-19 like-20 
The administration developed a proposal that eventually passed both houses of Congress by large majorities and was signed into law on October 26 .

`` The task force is working around the clock to monitor Bush 's visit to Japan , south Korea and mainland China , '' he added .

Initially , the company said it will close its commercial real-estate lending division , and stop originating new leases at its commercial lease subsidiary .

He proposed inserting CIA teams into Afghanistan to work with Afghan warlords who would join the fight against al Qaeda .
	warlords-12	proposed-2	-pobj-prep-vmod-xcomp	Afghan-11 warlords-12 	proposed-2 	Afghanistan-7	proposed-2	-pobj-prep-xcomp	Afghanistan-7 	proposed-2 
He has declared that the war against terrorism will not end at Afghanistan but will spread to other parts of the world .

They leave Pleasant Run , generally , ready and able to contribute to society .

The United States , the world 's biggest emitter of greenhouse gases -LRB- 25 percent of global emissions -RRB- withdrew from an international agreement that , for the first time , set binding targets for developed countries for climate protection .

The same day , Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage met with the Pakistani ambassador to the United States , Maleeha Lodhi , and the visiting head of Pakistan 's military intelligence service , Mahmud Ahmed .

`` This is unacceptable and a gross misstatement of facts , '' the spokesman said .

Please consider joining together with your fellow citizens in support of the work of the Marion County Commission on Youth .

The next day , Wolfowitz renewed the argument , writing to Rumsfeld about the interest of Yousef 's co-conspirator in the 1995 Manila air plot in crashing an explosives-laden plane into CIA headquarters , and about information from a foreign government regarding Iraqis ' involvement in the attempted hijacking of a Gulf Air flight .
	Wolfowitz-5	writing-10	-nsubj-vmod	Wolfowitz-5 	writing-10 	in-20	renewed-6	-prep-vmod	Yousef-17 's-18 co-conspirator-19 in-20 the-21 1995-22 Manila-23 	renewed-6 the-7 argument-8 
By afternoon she was conversing with her husband after being semi-comatose in the morning .

Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz made the case for striking Iraq during `` this round '' of the war on terrorism .

On the contrary , it can have a positive effect .

Iraq 's long-standing involvement in terrorism was cited , along with its interest in weapons of mass destruction .

At our instigation , on 4 March EU environment ministers therefore called on the United States to `` assume its responsibilities under the framework agreement on climate change , '' that is to stabilize greenhouse gas emissions at 1990 levels and strengthen domestic actions to bring them into line with the level of effort accepted by the industrial countries in application of the Kyoto Protocol .
	ministers-10	accepted-55	-pobj-prep-nsubj-nsubj-conj-vmod-prep-pobj-prep-pobj-vmod	ministers-10 	accepted-55 	States-16	accepted-55	-pobj-prep-vmod-pobj-prep-nsubj-nsubj-conj-vmod-prep-pobj-prep-pobj-vmod	the-14 United-15 States-16 	accepted-55 
The President added that America 's quarrel was not with Islam : `` The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends ; it is not our many Arab friends .

Q : I 'm asking what it is the United States is doing .

As Bush has declared that Iraq , Iran , and North Korea are the `` Axis of Evil , '' it emphatically implies that he regards it as duty to stop them from manufacturing or acquiring lethal weapons , be they chemical , biological , or nuclear .
	Bush-2	regards-26	-nsubj-advcl-ccomp	Bush-2 	regards-26 	Iran-8	regards-26	-nsubj-ccomp-advcl-ccomp	Iran-8 	regards-26 
Secretary of State Colin Powell , who had returned from Peru after hearing of the attacks , joined the discussion .

All children who attend the camp are referred by social workers , doctors , teachers , counselors , and other professionals .

US President George W. Bush presented 14 February his alternative plan to the Kyoto Protocol , which is designed to slow down global warming .

The next destination was discussed : once again the Secret Service recommended against returning to Washington , and the Vice President agreed .
	and-18	recommended-12	-cc	Washington-16 ,-17 and-18 the-19 Vice-20 President-21 	recommended-12 	Service-11	recommended-12	-nsubj	the-9 Secret-10 Service-11 	recommended-12 
Beginning on September 11 , Immigration and Naturalization Service agents working in cooperation with the FBI began arresting individuals for immigration violations whom they encountered while following up leads in the FBI 's investigation of the 9\ attacks .

Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska was chosen because of its elaborate command and control facilities , and because it could accommodate overnight lodging for 50 persons .

A source in the company told KurdSat that the international line will be opened tomorrow , 25 December 2001 .

Musharraf said the GOP -LRB- government of Pakistan -RRB- was making substantial concessions in allowing use of its territory and that he would pay a domestic price .
	Musharraf-1	concessions-13	-nsubj-ccomp-dobj	Musharraf-1 	concessions-13 
Anybody who fails to exploit these markets from the outset will remain lagging behind .

Both departments would consult with NATO and other allies and request intelligence , basing , and other support from countries , according to their capabilities and resources .

Bush arrived in Japan Sunday at the start of a three-nation Asia tour that will also take him to South Korea and mainland China .

This is not newsletter .

At the September 13 NSC meeting , when Secretary Powell described Pakistan 's reply , President Bush led a discussion of an appropriate ultimatum to the Taliban .

The principals also focused on Pakistan and what it could do to turn the Taliban against al Qaeda .

Sales increased 36 % to $ 683 million from $ 502 million .

Records indicate that 531 were deported , 162 were released on bond , 24 received some kind of immigration benefits , 12 had their proceedings terminated , and 8-one of whom was Moussaoui-were remanded to the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service .

In December 2001 , Afghan forces , with limited U.S. support , engaged al Qaeda elements in a cave complex called Tora Bora .

Third , we believe that the FBI conducted a satisfactory screening of Saudi nationals who left the United States on charter flights .
	States-19	believe-4	-dobj-nsubj-ref-dobj-ccomp	the-17 United-18 States-19 	believe-4 
However , Chatterbox notes that NBC , like every other responsible news organization that 's covered this story , reported that Norma Kelsey 's father 's killer was pardoned by Gov. Bill Clinton , and remains perplexed that the Journal editorial page wo n't .
	wo-43	perplexed-37	-ccomp	the-39 Journal-40 editorial-41 page-42 wo-43 n't-44 	perplexed-37 
The file said that Libya had demanded his extradition .
	Libya-5	said-3	-nsubj-ccomp	Libya-5 	said-3 
WARTIME After the attacks had occurred , while crisis managers were still sorting out a number of unnerving false alarms , Air Force One flew to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana .
	managers-10	attacks-4	-nsubj-advcl-nsubj	crisis-9 managers-10 	attacks-4 
The President 's military aide , an Air Force officer , quickly researched the options and , sometime around 10:20 , identified Barksdale Air Force Base as an appropriate interim destination .

The President wanted the United States to strike the Taliban , step back , wait to see if they got the message , and hit them hard if they did not .

`` As for the topics to be touched upon in Bush 's talks with Beijing leaders , the agenda will include mainland China 's agricultural market opening , religious freedom and human rights condition , missile shield and Taiwan Strait issues , '' Chien noted .

They need not be nervous , '' he said .

Since Israel suffers from terrorist attacks , the report says , it has been forced to take counter-terrorism measures , making its rights abuses understandable .

said that its net income rose 51 % in the third quarter , bolstered by unusual gains from its investment in a disk-drive maker and reflecting continued growth in its European operations .

On March 4 , the US State Depart-ment released its annual human rights report .

Rice said that when President Bush called her on Sunday , September 16 , he said the focus would be on Afghanistan , although he still wanted plans for Iraq should the country take some action or the administration eventually determine that it had been involved in the 9\ attacks .

Foreign policy was an issue that he never wanted to deal with before .

If you have any questions , please call me at 241-2661 .

He said we would need to build a coalition .

Alleged Israeli mafia member Lior Saad will stand trial in August for the murder of the estranged husband of a close friend of Winnie Madikizela-Mandela .

According to Chien , the government has set up a special task force to facilitate communications with the United States and analyze relevant developments .

President Bush told Bob Woodward that the decision not to invade Iraq was made at the morning session on September 15 .

to handle that , to check to see if that was all right with them , to see if they wanted access to any of these people , and to get back to me .
	they-20	wanted-21	-nsubj	they-20 	wanted-21 	them-15	wanted-21	-pobj-prep-nsubj-nsubj-advcl	them-15 	wanted-21 
The long day was not yet over .

Although there is a certain satisfaction at seeing President Bush recognize the need to fight climate change , that must not in any way conceal the extreme weakness of what he announced .
	Bush-10	recognize-11	-nsubj	President-9 Bush-10 	recognize-11 
This group usually included Vice President Cheney , Secretary of State Powell , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , General Hugh Shelton , Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs -LRB- later to become chairman -RRB- General Myers , DCI Tenet , Attorney General Ashcroft , and FBI Director Robert Mueller .

Enclosed is a form you can complete and return to us in the postage-paid envelope .

The President noted that the attacks provided a great opportunity to engage Russia and China .
	Russia-13	noted-3	-dobj-vmod-ccomp	Russia-13 and-14 China-15 	noted-3 	President-2	engage-12	-nsubj-ccomp-vmod	The-1 President-2 	engage-12 
In its last report , the IPCC -LRB- Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -RRB- called for rapid and decisive action to at least avert the most serious consequences of climate change .

President Bush later praised this proposal , saying it had been a turning point in his thinking .

Wolfowitz contended that the odds were `` far more '' than 1 in 10 , citing Saddam 's praise for the attack , his long record of involvement in terrorism , and theories that Ramzi Yousef was an Iraqi agent and Iraq was behind the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center .

The next day , the U.S. embassy in Islamabad confirmed that Musharraf and his top military commanders had agreed to all seven demands .
	Musharraf-12	had-18	-nsubj-aux	Musharraf-12 and-13 his-14 top-15 military-16 commanders-17 	had-18 	embassy-7	agreed-19	-nsubj-ccomp	the-5 U.S.-6 embassy-7 	agreed-19 
President Bush announced the new post and its first occupant - Pennsylvania governor Tom Ridge-in his address to a joint session of Congress on September 20 .

At another station we were ordered to stay at least 100 metres away .

I obviously ca n't tell the whole story of MCCOY in a single letter but I hope this provides an overview of the scope of our work .
	I-1	hope-17	-nsubj-conj	I-1 	hope-17 	I-16	obviously-2	-nsubj-conj-advmod	I-16 	obviously-2 
After the Diet ratifies the protocol , work will begin on cutting gas emissions .

Malinga said according to the guidelines in the booklet , the election had been legitimate .
	election-12	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-11 election-12 	said-2 according-3 
We all hear about today 's increases in neglect , abuse and abandonment of those who ca n't fight back : children .

Briefing papers on Iraq , along with many others , were in briefing materials for the participants .

We would n't exist if the need were n't there .

The Sulaymaniyah-based telecommunications company , KurdTel , announced today that the digital telephone exchange in Sulaymaniyah will be directly connected to the outside world , reported KurdSat TV on 24 December 2001 .

