We are not required to reduce emissions , but over five years -LRB- from 2008 through 2012 -RRB- we do not have the right to exceed their volume .

Mbeki , Obasanjo and Howard have been mandated by the recent Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting -LRB- CHOGM -RRB- in Australia to decide what action should be taken on the situation in Zimbabwe .
	Mbeki-1	decide-23	-nsubj	Mbeki-1 	to-22 decide-23 
sui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an `` original equipment maker '' basis for sale under other companies ' brand names .
	he-3	said-4	-nsubj	he-3 	said-4 
But he opposed any steps that could plunge the country deeper into a recession that has already pushed unemployment , inflation and interest rates above 60 percent .
	he-2	opposed-3	-nsubj	he-2 	opposed-3 
They are relatively mild for our country .

In the first nine months , net was $ 306 million , compared with a loss of $ 195 million in the 1988 period .

The Swedish and US authorities are looking for people who might have been exposed to dangerous radiation , but there is no indication that the container started to leak in Sweden .
	authorities-5	looking-7	-nsubj	The-1 Swedish-2 and-3 US-4 authorities-5 	are-6 looking-7 
At the $ 932 million T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund , investors yanked out about $ 182 million in the past two months .
	investors-13	yanked-14	-nsubj	investors-13 	yanked-14 out-15 
Nevertheless , the progress in gaining knowledge has been tremendous .

Three detainees are said to have claimed to be British citizens .

In Russia , up to 98 percent of all emissions of the main greenhouse gas -- CO2 -- come from the burning of fossil fuels -LRB- coal , oil , gas -RRB- .

The reduction level varies .

What is cited as the reason for them , the scientist continues , `` is almost always the increase in the greenhouse effect due to a larger concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .

There are several models today , and they answer the question of why the climate is changing with varying degrees of persuasiveness .

On arrival , measurements showed that it was emitting far too much radiation .

'' ... You have people who are 20 years and 30 years -LRB- and -RRB- below who are asking if we can get guns and go and shoot the man out of office , but I say : Please , that is the most dangerous thing you can ever do , '' he said .
	he-53	said-54	-nsubj	he-53 	said-54 
The United States views itself as a `` major force of anti-terrorism , '' for in the world only the United States has the capability to carry out the global war against terrorism .
	States-3	views-4	-nsubj	The-1 United-2 States-3 	views-4 
The railcar will eventually be used during the next stages of the space station 's construction .

Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk , accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high-yield , high-risk market .

On the contrary , they found solidarity in the view that it is impossible to explain everything with models .
	they-5	found-6	-nsubj	they-5 	found-6 solidarity-7 in-8 the-9 view-10 
Iceland , Japan , Australia and Canada are ready to join the ratification .

Gangster species are appearing , such as the locust , which is moving toward the north , where it has never been before .

Atlantis ' astronauts plan a fourth and final spacewalk today to finish installing the girder .

Since coming to power , Bush , proceeding from the US immediate interests , has also adopted the pragmatism and unilateralism position with regard to international treaties .
	Bush-6	adopted-17	-nsubj	Bush-6 	has-15 also-16 adopted-17 
As per the tariff plan announced by Bharti , peak-time call charges to the SAARC -LRB- South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation -RRB- region will be offered at Rs 21.18 per minute as against the present Rs 21.82 , while for the rest of the world it will be Rs 24 per minute as against Rs 31.30 to Rs 40 that are applicable now .

Khumalo said Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo would also attend the talks , which would culminate on Tuesday when the two met Australian Prime Minister John Howard in London .
	Khumalo-1	said-2	-nsubj	Khumalo-1 	said-2 
The event is classified as a level-three incident on the International Nuclear Event Scale -LRB- INES -RRB- , and is the most serious ever in Sweden .

A copy of the report , which criticizes what it described as the weakening of the central government 's prerogatives , has been handed over by the deputy chief of mission at the US Embassy in Awkar , Carol Kalin , to the Foreign Ministry 's acting director-general , Naji Abi Assi .

As marchers called for Mr Chavez 's resignation outside Miraflores , the presidential palace , shots were fired into the crowd .
	marchers-2	called-3	-nsubj	marchers-2 	called-3 for-4 
A decision was adopted at the first conference of convention participants -LRB- 1995 , Berlin -RRB- to begin phased actions to restrict emissions of greenhouse gases and to create an appropriate system of ecological-economic relations .

In short , if you do n't want to exert yourself , buy the neighbor 's quota ; if you do n't want to spend the money , use your brain and invest in the development of nature-conservation technologies .
	you-5	want-8	-nsubj	you-5 	do-6 n't-7 want-8 	you-20	want-23	-nsubj	you-20 	do-21 n't-22 want-23 
Venezuelans awoke on Friday to a country transformed by the dramatic and violent events of the last 24 hours , which left at least 11 people dead and more than 80 injured .

If the Supreme Court rules in favor of Mr Tsvangirai , who if convicted on the charges might face life imprisonment , the Attorney General 's Office will have to draw up a new charge .
	Court-4	rules-5	-nsubj	the-2 Supreme-3 Court-4 	rules-5 in-6 favor-7 
More curious still is the matter of the prisoners ' ultimate fate .

CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla. - The first railway in outer space was ready to roll yesterday after astronauts from the space shuttle Atlantis prepped it for its inaugural run .

Says Michael Hirsch , chief investment officer of Republic National Bank and manager of the FundTrust Group in New York : `` It 's a time bomb just waiting to go off .
	Hirsch-3	Says-1	-nsubj	Michael-2 Hirsch-3 ,-4 chief-5 investment-6 officer-7 of-8 Republic-9 National-10 Bank-11 and-12 manager-13 of-14 the-15 FundTrust-16 Group-17 in-18 New-19 York-20 	Says-1 
Consequently , if our homeland 's efforts boil down merely to dealing in `` hot air , '' this will not provide an impetus to start up high technologies and will knock Russia out of the group of countries that are striving for rational development , above all out of the European Union .

At present Israel enjoys a free trade agreement with the EU , which exempts it from customs duties .

The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion .

at Tameike-Sanno Station , close to the embassy in Tokyo 's Minato Ward .

Before predicting the future , we must learn how to predict the past , '' Kapitsa summed up .

Your gift to Goodwill will help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly support our work .

The world 's biggest sources of greenhouse gases are : United States 36 % , Russia 17.4 % , Japan 8.5 % , Germany 7.4 % , Great Britain 4.3 % , Canada 3.3 % , Italy 3.1 % , Poland 3 % and France 2.7 % .

The general said he currently commands up to 18,000 men , and about 4,000 Taleban fighters `` with military hardware '' have already gone over to his side .

The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the company 's shareholders .

Travelers 's employee benefits group , which includes its group health insurance operations , posted earnings of $ 24 million , compared with a loss of $ 3 million last year .

According to UN Information Center in Tehran , he appealed for national reconciliation and underscored the importance of an inclusive democratic system in the country .
	he-9	appealed-10	-nsubj	he-9 	appealed-10 
The track runs along a 44-foot girder that space shuttle Atlantis ' astronauts delivered and bolted to the orbiting outpost last week .

It also signals the EU 's discontent over Israel 's refusal to provide it with a list of the Israeli factories operating in the Occupied Palestinian and Arab Territories .
	Israel-9	refusal-11	-poss	Israel-9 	refusal-11 	EU-5	discontent-7	-poss	the-4 EU-5 	discontent-7 
credit squeeze .

Once coming to power , Bush insisted on deploying the National Missile Defense System -LRB- NMD -RRB- .
	Bush-6	insisted-7	-nsubj	Bush-6 	insisted-7 
The world community became hopeful that it would be possible to solve the problems that brought about the UN Convention on Climate Change -LRB- 1994 -RRB- .
	community-3	became-4	-nsubj	The-1 world-2 community-3 	became-4 hopeful-5 
One of those new computers , called Sparcstation 1 , accounted for nearly half of the 28,000 systems Sun shipped in the quarter , he said .
	he-25	said-26	-nsubj	he-25 	said-26 
Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % .
	Lipper-1	says-2	-nsubj	Lipper-1 	says-2 
At the heart of the matter is a question of legality .

Bilateral agreements regarding the Saindak copper and gold projects , Thar coal mines development , technical and economic cooperation , and a joint revolving fund for scientific research , and other hydroelectric projects are likely to be signed during the visit .

Our institute , along with the Institute of Systems Analysis and the Russian Academy of Sciences Computer Center , has begun studying the role of climate change in individual regions of Russia in order to forecast economic development .

When the container was transshipped in Paris , measurements showed no abnormal levels , according to the US Transport Department .

The gist is that , according to the Kyoto terms , quotas can be sold , that is , if you have fewer emissions than your neighbor , then you have every reason to strike an advantageous deal .

The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke , '' Mr. Nadir said .
	I-14	think-15	-nsubj	I-14 	think-15 	Nadir-25	said-26	-nsubj	Mr.-24 Nadir-25 	said-26 
In July , the Bush administration decided to let the `` Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty '' `` freeze '' in the Senate .
	administration-6	decided-7	-nsubj	the-4 Bush-5 administration-6 	decided-7 
If Rabbi Kahana were alive , he would have been regarded as a moderate person , compared to the US legislative branch .
	he-7	regarded-11	-nsubjpass	he-7 	would-8 have-9 been-10 regarded-11 
A total 43 countries have ratified he treaty so far , with Korea yet to ratify .

The Geneva Convention does contemplate that some irregular forces captured in battle need not be considered POWs .
	Convention-3	contemplate-5	-nsubj	The-1 Geneva-2 Convention-3 	does-4 contemplate-5 
A consensus was arrived at that climate has always changed , but it has never occurred with such speed .

`` The first choice is to commit ourselves to the constitutional path with all its obstacles .

Sun also reported a record backlog of orders .

So far this potential has been utilized only to a small degree , whereas there are almost no such reserves left in the EU countries and Japan .

That is why carrying out a project and reducing emissions in Russia is far cheaper than in most developed countries .

Film footage also caught armed supporters of Mr Chavez firing indiscriminately at the marchers .

According to the source , the authorities ' dissatisfaction with the contents of the report has been conveyed to US Ambassador Vincent Battle , who returned from Washington on Saturday after participating in a conference of American envoys posted to Arab countries .
	authorities-7	dissatisfaction-9	-poss	the-6 authorities-7 '-8 	dissatisfaction-9 
Come one , Come all to the Inaugural Jameson Grill The only fund raising event in the world where you can bring your entire family , other employees , or maybe even your neighbors .

RMS said it had a loss of $ 158,666 , or 10 cents a share , in the third quarter , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 26,956 , or two cents a share .
	RMS-1	said-2	-nsubj	RMS-1 	said-2 
The enormous territory of Western Siberia risks turning into a sea .

As tanks surrounded Miraflores , Mr Chavez was holed up with senior military officers in a bid to save his presidency .

Moreover , the aim of these plans is to make the Palestinians yield to the dictates of the Israeli-US alliance , which seeks a mimic resolution to the Palestinian issue , which will perpetuate the occupation and facilitate the expansion of settlements .

Our country has something like a controlling block of shares , since without Russia and the US the Kyoto Protocol will die .

Nor do analysts expect the Sansui deal to touch off a fresh wave of foreign purchases .
	analysts-3	expect-4	-nsubj	analysts-3 	expect-4 
The first use of the railcar is set for late summer .

The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock-purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .

This concentration grows , in turn , it is usually written , due to the burning of a huge quantity of organic fuel -LRB- oil , natural gas , coal , wood , peat , etc. -RRB- by industry , transport , agriculture and households .

This is the time of year when we give thanks for the warmth and love that surrounds us .

And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far .

Mr Chavez 's exit has left Venezuela with a power vacuum and no obvious long-term leader .

In terms of the amount of emissions , South Korea discharged 410 million tons of carbon dioxide in 1999 , ranking tenth in the world .

It can certainly make happy holiday memories .

The Sino-US plane collision event that occurred on 1 April can best illustrate the US alternate application of the `` two-isms '' in its diplomacy .

But problems in manufacturing , forecasting demand and getting the bugs out of a new management information system made it extremely difficult for Sun to meet demand for its newest computers well into the summer .

It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds .

Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .

We will also gain from the fact that compliance by other nations with the terms of the protocol will lead to higher demand for gas , of which we have huge resources .

It can help purchase clothing , school supplies , books and educational tools throughout the year .

The last seems a distinct possibility ; the Pentagon plans to build 2,000 cells at Camp X-Ray .
	Pentagon-9	plans-10	-nsubj	the-8 Pentagon-9 	plans-10 
The Kyoto Protocol proposes adapting to climate change .
	Protocol-3	proposes-4	-nsubj	The-1 Kyoto-2 Protocol-3 	proposes-4 
I 've got more than a job ; I 've got a career .

The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market .

`` We demand of you , Mr. President , to reconsider your climate policy plan immediately and re-enter the Kyoto Protocol .
	We-2	demand-3	-nsubj	We-2 	demand-3 
In November of last year , the EU had issued a warning to European importers , specifying that Israeli exports originating in the Occupied Palestinian Territory as well as the Golan Heights were not included in the free trade agreement with Israel .
	EU-8	issued-10	-nsubj	the-7 EU-8 	had-9 issued-10 a-11 warning-12 
Fortunately , supporters of the idea of lying on a stove found an opponent .

The railcar smoothly rolled 26 feet to a second work station , where the same thing happened .

NASA blamed the problem on weightlessness .
	NASA-1	blamed-2	-nsubj	NASA-1 	blamed-2 
`` It was horrible .

This meant , in effect , that the US withdrew from the accords .

These groups were shooting at defenceless people , '' said photographer Luis Gomez .
	Gomez-13	said-10	-nsubj	photographer-11 Luis-12 Gomez-13 	said-10 
All shipments from Studsvik Isotope Service have been halted until further notice .

It also called on the U.S. to stop all air raids on Afghanistan , cease nuclear experiments and reduce U.S. military bases in Japan , among other requests .

But there 's also a feeling of uncertainty about how the country 's obvious problems are going to be solved , '' said Ms Ledesma .

It was aimed at reducing the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and assigns countries quotas on their emissions .

Whether the United States will continue to treat Pakistan in a responsible manner , it is anybody 's guess .

These accords explicitly stipulated that Israeli forces must not enter the Palestinian-controlled areas , which are called Areas A and cover all the Palestinian cities , naturally including Ramallah .
	accords-2	stipulated-4	-nsubj	These-1 accords-2 	explicitly-3 stipulated-4 
`` There are no such forces on the border with Uzbekistan .

Indeed , the idea has not yet captivated the masses so much that they would remove their last trousers to start investing immediately in the project .

It provides for economic mechanisms of international cooperation .

And while the Israeli settlement products only amount to US $ 100 million of the US $ 8 billion Israel gains annually from its exports to Europe , Israeli officials have expressed their worry over the committee 's deliberations .
	officials-30	expressed-32	-nsubj	Israeli-29 officials-30 	have-31 expressed-32 	their-33	worry-34	-poss	their-33 	worry-34 
In the meantime , the prisoners at Camp X-Ray -- as the place has been called since the early 1990s when it housed Haitian refugees -- have been given thin green mats and blankets on which to sleep and pray , and are allowed to shower and exercise .

The MDC leader also alleged that the Government was trying to provoke protests that could be used as an excuse to suspend democracy .
	leader-3	alleged-5	-nsubj	The-1 MDC-2 leader-3 	alleged-5 
They served as a crude example of the arrogance of power and attempts to control nations ' resources , dictate policies , and impose leaders through pressure and coercion .

Japanese government officials , eager to rebut foreign criticism of Japanese investments overseas , hailed the transaction as proof foreigners can make similar investments in Japan .
	foreign-8	criticism-9	-amod	foreign-8 	criticism-9 
Announcing this at a news conference , Mr Sunil Mittal , Chairman & amp ; Managing Director , Bharti Enterprises , noted that the tariffs , which would be made available on its ILD -LRB- international long distance -RRB- services being launched on May 1 , would be revised downwards as and when the market demanded it .

In terms of the Commonwealth 's mandate , action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension .

But the rich Russian fields that stretch across the Arctic zone are small comfort to humankind as a whole , so Gudkov proposes blocking off the sun with an umbrella that would be suspended in space .
	Gudkov-22	proposes-23	-nsubj	Gudkov-22 	proposes-23 
even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain .
	consultants-25	maintain-26	-nsubj	some-23 management-24 consultants-25 	maintain-26 
The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % .

Carriers will now connect to Bharti 's network and enjoy rates that will enable them to offer deep discounts to the end-consumer .

This means the problem of reducing emissions is a problem of energy efficiency and energy saving .

Later army chief , General Efrain Vasquez said some `` Bolivarian '' groups were indeed armed .

Russia signed the document three years ago , in March 1999 .

Engineers may adjust the computer software sometime if it becomes more of a nuisance , he said .
	he-16	said-17	-nsubj	he-16 	said-17 
That 's even less than the 4.35 % total return of the Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index .

The demonstration came amid heightened security around the embassy as well as elsewhere in Tokyo for the president 's visit .

Meanwhile , Foreign Affairs spokesman Ronnie Mamoepa said Mbeki 's deputy , Jacob Zuma would represent the country at the controversially re-elected President Robert Mugabe 's latest inauguration , scheduled for Sunday in Harare .

Still , things could be worse .

Mr Chavez is currently detained at Fuerte Tiuna army base in Caracas and could face possible charges for his role in the killings .

For the year ended Sept. .

Some fund managers say negative publicity has exacerbated investors ' concern about recent declines in junk-bond prices .
	managers-3	say-4	-nsubj	Some-1 fund-2 managers-3 	say-4 	investors-9	concern-11	-poss	investors-9 '-10 	concern-11 
This is the first time that the Cuban government has expressed its position over the U.S. holding of the Taliban and al-Qaeda prisoners in its territory .
	government-9	expressed-11	-nsubj	the-7 Cuban-8 government-9 	has-10 expressed-11 	its-12	position-13	-poss	its-12 	position-13 
The source said that the ministry would soon deliver copies of the report to the various ministries concerned , especially the Interior and Municipalities Ministry , prior to relaying its observations to the State Department in Washington .
	source-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 source-2 	said-3 
The team from the organization 's Council of Ministers , on the other hand , considered the vote a `` true reflection '' of the people 's will .
	team-2	considered-16	-nsubj	The-1 team-2 from-3 the-4 organization-5 's-6 Council-7 of-8 Ministers-9 	considered-16 
That according to the State constituted a breach of the LOMA .

`` We can not accept it by any means .
	We-2	accept-5	-nsubj	We-2 	can-3 not-4 accept-5 
If microflora stop reproducing humus , the higher plants will die , agricultural crops will stop growing , and timber will start to dry up .

Sales rose to $ 9.8 million from $ 8.9 million .

Until the Pentagon sorts out the legal issues , criticism from Europe is likely to grow .

'' The train 's leaving the station , '' he called out .
	he-10	called-11	-nsubj	he-10 	called-11 out-12 
But analysts expressed concern that the MDC leader is `` flirting with mercenaries in South Africa '' .
	analysts-2	expressed-3	-nsubj	analysts-2 	expressed-3 concern-4 
A container from the Swedish nuclear technology firm Studsvik has leaked radioactive materials .

`` However , it is extremely unlikely that the leak occurred during the flight from Paris to Memphis , '' Hakansson said .
	Hakansson-21	said-22	-nsubj	Hakansson-21 	said-22 
The United States wants all the countries in the world to stand behind it in the fight against terrorism and decides which country is its enemy or friend on the basis of that country 's attitude toward it .
	States-3	wants-4	-nsubj	The-1 United-2 States-3 	wants-4 
We do this through a wide range of programs including community - based , therapeutic foster care , group homes and our treatment center .

The Jameson Grill has been designed to be nothing but fun for you , your family , employees , and maybe even your neighbors .

The expert immediately sketched on a blackboard what this should look like , mixing up chemical symbols : rockets would carry metallic sodium into orbits around the earth .
	expert-2	sketched-4	-nsubj	The-1 expert-2 	immediately-3 sketched-4 
Earlier his wife , Marisabel , and children had left Caracas in the cover of darkness on a PDVSA jet for Barquisimeto in western Venezuela .

The speaker 's ardor was cooled by the well-known Sergey Kapitsa , who is not inclined to give way to rapture over the advantages promised to Russia .

-LRB- CORRECTS TITLE OF AUSTRALIAN PM , UPDATES WITH ZUMA ATTENDING INAUGURATION -RRB- President Thabo Mbeki would fly to Harare on Monday to meet Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and later with opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai , presidential spokesman Bheki Khumalo told Sapa on Saturday .

According to all indications , the radioactive container sent from the nuclear technology firm Studsvik to the US did not leak during transport within Sweden .

Sony is paying $ 27 a share , or $ 3.55 billion , cash and is assuming $ 1.4 billion of long-term debt .

The US legislative branch even outbade the Israeli right wing .

The name change was Mr Carmona 's first act as head of the transition government .

I rode a bike to Goodwill in the rain and snow .

A spokeswoman for Crum & Forster said employees were told early this week that numerous staff functions for the personal insurance lines were going to be centralized as a cost-cutting move .

The number of full-time workers declined 626,000 to 6,525,000 during the same time span .

The President and Chinese leaders will review Pakistan-China relations with special focus on bilateral economic cooperation , regional issues including Afghanistan and Kashmir .
	leaders-5	review-7	-nsubj	The-1 President-2 and-3 Chinese-4 leaders-5 	will-6 review-7 
Yet , the Palestinian leadership is denounced and attacked while the Israeli prime minister is praised .

The annual trade between Pakistan and China hovers around $ 1 billion .

Dostum 's units are currently fighting near Mazar-e-Sharif , aiming , in particular , to seize control of populated areas in Samangan Province to block weapons supplies to Taleban units in Mazar-e-Sharif , Dostum said in an interview published in the Tuesday edition of Moskovskiye Novosti .

The 1949 Fourth Geneva Convention clearly states that any settlement that the Occupying Power creates in an Occupied Territory is illegal and considered a war crime .

Property\ insurance has been a tough business in recent quarters , as pricing has been cutthroat and natural disasters such as Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake have resulted in huge payments .

It was only natural for US National Security Adviser condoleezza Rice to make statements yesterday after what can be described as a oneupmanship of rudeness was inaugurated in Washington last week .

An anomaly was detected on one of its joints several weeks ago , but the Canadian engineers successfully bypassed the problem area .

Ground controllers took over manual control and , a few hours later , were able to latch the railcar to the track .

The Guantanamo Bay has been in U.S. hands since the Spanish - American War in 1898 .

The unbalancing of the climate will have a very negative effect on ecosystems .

Moscow , 16 October : Afghan Northern Alliance units led by Gen Abdorrashid Dostum lack weapons and ammunition to properly fight the Taleban , Dostum said , noting that he `` has not received '' any Russian supplies to the Northern Alliance so far .

Teams of engineers from the CSA and MD Robotics , the Brampton-based company that built the arm , were monitoring its work closely from the ground .

The challenge now is to heal the deep social divisions that exist within the country .

A succession of officers filled the TV screens to say they supported the people and that the killings were `` not tolerable '' .
	they-11	supported-12	-nsubj	they-11 	supported-12 
From basketball , kickball , volleyball , archery , crafts , an egg toss , and even a walk through our creek , you will have plenty to do to get you good and hungry .

Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices .

Some of the participants took the line that this is an extremely useful for Russia , which has `` hot air '' -LRB- that is , it is 30 percent short of the permitted level of CO2 emissions -RRB- , and the country can become the dominant seller in the market ; consequently , it has a greater stake than anyone in the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol .

A general strike and an escalating oil industry stoppage that had threatened to cripple the country 's economy were no more - and the country not only had a new president , business leader Pedro Carmona , but a new name .

If industrialized countries start cutting back on GHG emissions from 2008 , when the first target period begins , South Korea will become the seventh most carbon dioxide-producing country in the world , according to IEA figures .

A first group of 20 war prisoners from Afghanistan arrived Friday afternoon at the U.S. naval base in Guantanamo on the southeastern tip of Cuba , about 1,000 kilometers from the capital city of Havana .

Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less-creditworthy borrowers .

Join in this wonderful event and help Jameson Camp continue to provide the year-round support that gives kids a chance to create dreams .

Russia has quite a lot of low-lying areas , such as St. Petersburg .

Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems .

The iridium container will be examined in New Orleans by US authorities and Studsvik 's own personnel within the next few weeks .

Local authorities have expressed dissatisfaction - but not surprise - with regard to excerpts about Lebanon in the US State Department 's annual report on human rights , a copy of which has been delivered to the Foreign Ministry .
	authorities-2	expressed-4	-nsubj	Local-1 authorities-2 	have-3 expressed-4 dissatisfaction-5 
The railcar is needed to transport the space station 's 58-foot robot arm from one end of the outpost to the other as more girders are installed .

The report 's reference to intelligence agents ' monitoring the activities of opposition politicians and tapping the phones of certain government leaders `` is a serious matter and harms Lebanon 's image as a democratic country , '' the source added .
	source-40	added-41	-nsubj	the-39 source-40 	added-41 
Dostum said he intends to serve in the future Afghan government , representing ethnic Uzbeks .
	he-3	intends-4	-nsubj	he-3 	intends-4 
t month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales .

The small trolley is designed to roll the station 's Canadarm2 robotic arm from one construction site to another as work progresses on the station over the next several years .

Rice is aware of the fact that President Yasir Arafat remained under siege in his headquarters in Ramallah for five months , imposed on him by the superior Israeli military in violation of all the accords that were signed by former Israeli governments and guaranteed by the United States .
	Rice-1	aware-3	-nsubj	Rice-1 	is-2 aware-3 
Sun 's results were slightly better than expectations .

Brasilia , 13 -LRB- Agencia Brasil - ABr -RRB- - President Fernando Henrique Cardoso said today that he does not believe the United States will interfere in international negotiations on controlling greenhouse gas emissions .
	Cardoso-14	said-15	-rcmod	President-11 Fernando-12 Henrique-13 Cardoso-14 	said-15 	he-18	believe-21	-nsubj	he-18 	does-19 not-20 believe-21 
People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say .
	analysts-14	say-18	-nsubj	some-13 analysts-14 and-15 fund-16 specialists-17 	say-18 
's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction .

But for Washington , the whole point of the detention is to conduct interrogations and thus head off new acts of terrorism .

The Pentagon has resisted calling the detainees prisoners of war , preferring the terms unlawful combatants or battlefield detainees .
	Pentagon-2	resisted-4	-nsubj	The-1 Pentagon-2 	has-3 resisted-4 
Goodwill helps people get off of public assistance .
	Goodwill-1	helps-2	-nsubj	Goodwill-1 	helps-2 
This is substantiated in detail in the RF Energy Strategy Until 2020 , which the government has adopted .
	government-16	adopted-18	-nsubj	the-15 government-16 	has-17 adopted-18 
up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier .

It was adopted on 9 May 1992 and entered into force 21 March 1994 .

Statistics on acquisitions by foreigners vary in detail , because unlike Sansui , which is listed on the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges , most of the Japanese companies acquired by foreigners are privately held .

Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August .

Six degrees , the professor believes , is unlikely , since that kind of thing has not happened on the planet in the past 420,000 years .
	professor-5	believes-6	-dep	the-4 professor-5 	believes-6 
News of Mr Chavez 's resignation caused hundreds of flag-waving and whistle-blowing Venezuelans to surround the city 's air force base , La Carlota , in the hope of seeing Mr Chavez ' departure from the country .

For non-peak hours , the call rates for the SAARC regions are being lowered to Rs 18 from Rs 18.95 per minute and for the rest of the world at Rs 21.18 per minute from the current Rs 27.69 to Rs 36 .

Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care for .
	we-2	asking-4	-nsubj	we-2 	are-3 asking-4 	we-25	care-26	-nsubj	we-25 	care-26 
Mbeki was , however , already on the record as saying that the Commonwealth also had other issues to consider .

In Hayraton , near the Uzbek town of Termez , there are slightly over 100 Taleban members , according to my estimations , '' he said .
	he-25	said-26	-nsubj	he-25 	said-26 
But in the European press , the prisoners ' lot has become a public issue of contention among those who demand that U.S. conduct be above suspicion .

No one wanted to argue with the master .
	one-2	wanted-3	-nsubj	No-1 one-2 	wanted-3 
The Continental Baking business benefited from higher margins on bread and on increased cake sales , it added .

True , this clause has been stirring up a lot of questions for a long time .

It was preceded by the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change .

There are no proposals there to erect screens or to shoot cooling aerosols into the atmosphere .

The year-ago results included a $ 415 million charge in the 1988 second quarter for underperforming real estate and mortgage loans .

We emit greenhouse gases , we thaw out the frozen regions that emit methane , we destroy forests , and in the south , deserts are expanding , a process that alters the heat exchange between the earth 's surface and the atmosphere .

In the plane collision event , if one goes by the US logic , only the US spy plane is permitted to spy at other people 's doorsteps ; the host , on the other hand , does not even have the right to look after its doors and to protect its yard .

About 98 % of the outflow was transferred to other Fidelity funds , says Neal Litvack , a Fidelity vice president , marketing , with most going into money market funds .
	Litvack-16	says-14	-nsubj	Neal-15 Litvack-16 	says-14 
In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk-fund shares , Dalbar says .
	Dalbar-37	says-38	-nsubj	Dalbar-37 	says-38 
NASA said the Mobile Transporter , as the rail car is officially known , was ready for its first test today .
	NASA-1	said-2	-nsubj	NASA-1 	said-2 
a Boston research firm .

The rail car is part of the 13-metre-long S-0 truss , the centerpiece of what is to be a 120-metre girder running the length of the space station .

No one , no matter who it is , has the right to meddle in the Palestinian domestic affairs or to impose on the Palestinian people a leadership favored by the US Administration and the Israeli Government and tailored according to their mutual interests .

Your contribution will make a difference in a child 's life .

By comparison , for the first nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , on revenue of $ 12.97 billion .

In addition to that , by helping them find jobs , Goodwill reduced the state 's Public Support tab by an estimated $ 4 million .

The number working on a temporary basis went from 4,182,000 in late 1997 to 4,641,000 last month and that for those hired on a daily basis surged to 2,321,000 from 1,892,000 during the cited period .

This announcement was met with unanimous condemnation by the international media .

The Organisation of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- also backed Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's re-election , with its observer team describing the poll as `` transparent , credible , free and fair '' .
	Organisation-2	backed-10	-nsubj	The-1 Organisation-2 of-3 African-4 Unity-5 -LRB--6 OAU-7 -RRB--8 also-9 	backed-10 	team-21	describing-22	-vmod	its-19 observer-20 team-21 	describing-22 
At the time , Mr Chavez was addressing the nation to assure them his government respected people 's right to demonstrate and freedom of the press .
	Chavez-6	addressing-8	-nsubj	Mr-5 Chavez-6 	was-7 addressing-8 
with Columbia shareholders tendering 99.3 % of all common shares outstanding by the Tuesday deadline .

Within the framework of the protocol our country must maintain records of , and monitor , emissions and emission quotas , as well as regulate quotas .

A gift means a family will have a holiday meal , cooking utensils to prepare the meal and dishes to serve it on .

Dostum also favored a possible return of Afghanistan 's former King Mohammad Zaher Shah .
	Dostum-1	favored-3	-nsubj	Dostum-1 	favored-3 
The report was seen as discrediting Lebanon by portraying the country as being undemocratic or uncivilized and abusing human rights , the source added .
	source-23	added-24	-nsubj	the-22 source-23 	added-24 
If the mean temperature rises by 2 degrees , the range of fluctuations will widen and will go , for example , from -40 to +45 degrees .

Mr Mittal noted that although the original plan was to launch the ILD services -LRB- IndiaOne -RRB- by the middle of this month , the company was still awaiting security clearances and the commissioning certificate from the Department of Telecommunications -LRB- DoT -RRB- .
	Mittal-2	noted-3	-nsubj	Mr-1 Mittal-2 	noted-3 
But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year , while Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies .

The SADC on Saturday endorsed the vote , despite its Parliamentary Forum , which judging that the March 9-11 election `` did not conform with the norms and standards of the SADC Parliamentary Forum , '' signed on to by Zimbabwe .

Pleasant Run cares for at-risk children and families .

Before the 11 September event , the United States kept its distance from Pakistan and imposed sanctions on it .

It is still not clear where the iridium container began to leak .

`` Demand for those working on a temporary or daily basis is risiing because companies are trying to save labor costs amid the continued economic slowdown , '' an NSO official said .

Over 90 percent of full-time workers receive retirement allowances and bonuses but the comparable numbers fell to 10 percent for temporary workers and 1 percent for those employed on a daily basis .

snapping back to profitability after its first quarterly loss as a public firm , said it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter .

Despite the announcement , traffic was lighter than a normal Friday and many Venezuelans did not turn up for work .

Sales in the latest period were $ 1.76 billion , a 13 % increase from last year 's $ 1.55 billion .

Let our families and children know that you want them to have the same kinds of memories of the holidays you will have .
	you-8	want-9	-nsubj	you-8 	want-9 
It is hard to say today what will happen to edaphic microflora , which is of fundamental importance to soil fertility .

This means that Russia will be able to offer the carbon market emission quotas of up to 3 billion tons .

Moreover , Taleban fighters `` not stained with blood '' could be in this government , too , he said .
	he-19	said-20	-nsubj	he-19 	said-20 
After coming to power , unilateralism and pragmatism have become Bush 's main foreign policy line .

He also questions the predicted amount of future warming .
	He-1	questions-3	-nsubj	He-1 	questions-3 
In order for the protocol to be implemented , it must be ratified by at least 55 parties , including enough industrialized countries to represent at least 55 percent of the total carbon dioxide emissions in 1990 .

The problem is that the present stage of study of small climatic models has scientists studying the life of the models as the life of a real climatic system .

nn S. Lublin in London contributed to this article .

Now it is simply the Republic of Venezuela .

Mr Tsvangirai might face charges of contravening the Law and Order Maintenance Act for allegedly threatening to violently remove President Mugabe from power last year .

This is Sweden 's most serious incident so far involving radiation .

`` Bharti , after requisite clearances , will offer its network to all carriers on a non-discriminatory basis .

So there will not be less of a need for fuel if , on the average , one winter out of every three winters becomes much colder than the harshest previous one .

A total investment of Rs 100 crore is planned for the project , of which Rs 75 crore has already been spent , '' he said .
	he-25	said-26	-nsubj	he-25 	said-26 
Over the years , China has emerged as a key economic partner and an important source of external assistance for Pakistan .
	China-5	emerged-7	-nsubj	China-5 	has-6 emerged-7 
Moments later he announced that he had taken five national television channels off the air for `` telling lies about the government '' .
	he-3	announced-4	-nsubj	he-3 	announced-4 
The international community and even US western allies , including US neighbor Canada , have consistently opposed the plan .
	community-3	opposed-17	-nsubj	The-1 international-2 community-3 and-4 even-5 US-6 western-7 allies-8 ,-9 including-10 US-11 neighbor-12 Canada-13 	consistently-16 opposed-17 
It 's easy to see why .

However , she refrains from mentioning the elected Israeli leadership , which moved the Israeli army to occupy Palestinian cities , destroy homes over the heads of their owners , arrest thousands of innocent people , and carry out what many legal and international humanitarian circles described as war crimes or bloody massacres to say the least .
	she-3	refrains-4	-nsubj	she-3 	refrains-4 
The company has contracted submarine cable capacity from network i2i , and backed it up with satellite connectivity to build in redundancy .

Earnings at Xerox 's financial-services operations actually rose slightly , but that was largely because capital gains at Crum & Forster offset Hurricane Hugo payments and the reserves set up to cover future payments .

It is another matter that the reasons for this alarming phenomenon are not completely clear , and experts offer different interpretations of the consequences of global warming .
	experts-18	offer-19	-nsubj	experts-18 	offer-19 
That is why , as MDC , we are reluctant at this stage to endorse the sanctions option .
	we-8	reluctant-10	-nsubj	we-8 	are-9 reluctant-10 
`` Canadarm2 is a unique and highly complex robot working in an extremely hostile environment , '' said Capt. Garneau .

`` If sanctions are imposed on Zimbabwe , it will not survive .

IndiaOne had laid approximately 14,000 km of optical fiber cable covering 90 cities .

The prisoners may be in Cuba , but nobody has yet forced them to listen to Fidel Castro 's long-winded speeches .

But if the appeal fails , the matter will be referred back to the High Court for trial .

These problems also resulted in Sun reporting a $ 20.3 million loss for its fourth quarter ended June 30 .

If you find sound , healthy companies in Japan , they are not for sale , '' said George Watanabe , a management-consultant at Tokyo-based Asia Advisory Services Inc. .
	Watanabe-20	said-18	-nsubj	George-19 Watanabe-20 	said-18 	you-2	find-3	-nsubj	you-2 	find-3 
The Foreign Ministry , said N. Ratsiborinskiy , clarifying his agency 's position , recommends that the government move to ratify , since the view at Smolenskaya Square is that the impact of our national efforts will be greater if they are integrated into the efforts of the EU .
	Ministry-3	recommends-15	-nsubj	The-1 Foreign-2 Ministry-3 	recommends-15 
Kiko Network also sent an e-mail message to Koizumi urging the premier to call on Bush to return to the Kyoto Protocol at an early stage and to inform him of Japan 's plan to ratify the Kyoto Protocol after the Diet approves ratification during the current Diet session .

Although High Contracting Parties to the Convention have affirmed the Convention 's de jure applicability to the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , Israel maintains its refusal to respect its obligations as an Occupying Power , which would include the dismantling of its illegal settlements in that Territory in addition to not exporting any products from them .
	Parties-4	affirmed-9	-nsubj	High-2 Contracting-3 Parties-4 to-5 the-6 Convention-7 	have-8 affirmed-9 	its-28	refusal-29	-poss	its-28 	refusal-29 to-30 respect-31 
Dispersion is less active , and so-called obstruction or stagnant situation manifest themselves in the atmosphere more and more often .

Pragmatism is , in the first place , the United States ' traditional policy .

The United States has refused to give up the facility , which is sealed from Cuba by a heavily guarded , 27 - kilometer perimeter fence , despite Cuban objection to its continued existence .
	States-3	refused-5	-nsubj	The-1 United-2 States-3 	has-4 refused-5 	Cuban-29	objection-30	-amod	Cuban-29 	objection-30 
These nine carriers account for 90 percent of the traffic coming to India .

He also said that agreements with as many as nine foreign carriers across the globe had already been signed .
	He-1	said-3	-nsubj	He-1 	said-3 
RMS distributes electronic devices and produces power supplies and plastic literature displays .

Measurements done at Studsvik before dispatch had not shown high radiation values .

The principal one is CO2 -LRB- it is responsible for 80 percent of the greenhouse effect -RRB- .

Havana , January 12 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Cuba will not create obstacles to the U.S. decision to hold part of the Taliban and al-Qaeda war prisoners at the U.S. naval base of Guantanamo , the Cuban government said in a statement on Friday .

In the statement , the Cuban government said the country would maintain close contacts with the U.S. military personnel in the naval base .
	government-7	said-8	-nsubj	the-5 Cuban-6 government-7 	said-8 
Cardoso also said he believes the US is committed to joining other nations in fighting the problem and will adopt domestic measures , although they have formally renounced the Kyoto Protocol .
	Cardoso-1	said-3	-nsubj	Cardoso-1 	also-2 said-3 	he-4	believes-5	-nsubj	he-4 	believes-5 	they-25	renounced-28	-nsubj	they-25 	have-26 formally-27 renounced-28 
Participants in the debate also proceeded from the postulate that the earth 's atmosphere has been heating up over the past 100 years .

Hard on the heels of that decision , the US negotiation representative Marie Chevrier announced in Geneva that the Bush administration would not support the implementation of the `` Biological Weapons Convention '' and that the United States strongly objected to the concrete enforcement plan of this convention .
	administration-21	support-24	-nsubj	the-19 Bush-20 administration-21 	would-22 not-23 support-24 	States-38	objected-40	-nsubj	the-36 United-37 States-38 	strongly-39 objected-40 
That may be so ; unfortunately , as Amnesty International has pointed out , under the Geneva Convention the Pentagon has no business making such a determination .
	International-10	pointed-12	-nsubj	Amnesty-9 International-10 	has-11 pointed-12 out-13 
Unlike the STD -LRB- subscriber trunk dialing -RRB- services where a further rate cut may not be feasible , in the international services there is scope for more improvement , '' he said .
	he-32	said-33	-nsubj	he-32 	said-33 
But after the Chinese side released all the US crew members , major US political figures changed their stance immediately and threatened to use human rights , trade , and Olympics hosting issues to `` retaliate '' against China .
	figures-16	changed-17	-nsubj	major-13 US-14 political-15 figures-16 	changed-17 their-18 stance-19 
`` The present rate cut of up to 40 percent on peak-time rates is likely to be lowered after Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd -LRB- VSNL -RRB- and the other ILD operators , who are yet to begin services , announce their rates .

Captain Marc Garneau , president of the Canadian Space Agency , said Canadarm2 has so far performed flawlessly in its pivotal role installing the truss segment .

The convention was designed to unite efforts to prevent dangerous climate changes and to achieve a stabilization of the content of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere at a relatively safe level .

CHOGM had also decided to look at ways of helping Zimbabwe with land reform and food aid .

Goodwill finds jobs for people with mental and physical disabilities .

In the 1988 period , the company earned $ 20.6 million , or 26 cents a share .

Methane 's contribution is 15 percent .

If the strong yen and the high stock prices of Japanese companies were n't deterrents enough , webs of cross-shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would-be acquirers .

Guantanamo is part of the Cuban territory , but the Cuban government will not create obstacles to the U.S. transfer of the war prisoners there , it said .

Polly Peck , a fast-growing British conglomerate , will pay 15.6 billion yen -LRB- $ 110 million -RRB- for 39 million new shares of Sansui , a well-known maker of high-fidelity audio equipment that failed to adjust to changing market conditions .

They include AT & amp ; T , Sprint , Teleglobe , Eteselat , Saudi Telecom , British Telecom and SingTel to name a few .

But this is not the only cause of climatic change .

Yesterday -LRB- 07 January -RRB- , the National Institute of Radiation Protection -LRB- SSI -RRB- announced that it could not exclude the possibility of people who had come into contact with the container suffering acute health effects from radiation .

Eyewitness Euridice Ledesma said snipers fired on the marchers from rooftops near the palace .

After Maureen 's job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant , we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in the middle of society .

An official source who described the reaction on Tuesday said the criticism was an annual event and emphasized that it was not directed at human rights in Lebanon only , but covered several other countries in as well .
	source-3	described-5	-rcmod	An-1 official-2 source-3 	described-5 the-6 reaction-7 
Those in attendance did not argue .
	Those-1	argue-6	-nsubj	Those-1 in-2 attendance-3 	did-4 not-5 argue-6 
But revenue declined to $ 3 billion from $ 3.2 billion .

Moreover , by convention -LRB- though the law seems to be murky here -RRB- POWs do n't need to tell their captors anything other than their name , rank , serial number and birthday .

There are no results to speak of yet , but it is important that this area of inquiry has appeared .

In the case of those in Cuba , that has n't happened .

Here 's another story of success from what might seem like an unlikely source : Goodwill 's controller , Juli .

This is indicated by a well drilled in the ice cap of Antarctica 30 years ago , which helps to comprehend what has happened to climate .

As of today , more than 80 nations -LRB- all the developed countries and almost all of the CIS countries -RRB- have signed the Kyoto Protocol , and almost 40 have ratified it .

Dear , A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill 's help .
	me-12	telling-13	-nsubj	me-12 	telling-13 
fast-food company and that it planned to seek a majority of seats on Rally 's nine-member board .
	it-5	planned-6	-nsubj	it-5 	planned-6 
`` We think this plan can not be an ` alternative ' to Kyoto Protocol because it would allow the current greenhouse gas emissions of the United States to increase by around 30 % compared to 1990 level in 2010 , '' the letter said .
	We-2	think-3	-nsubj	We-2 	think-3 	letter-44	said-45	-nsubj	the-43 letter-44 	said-45 
In the polar regions , climate changes are more pronounced than in the middle latitudes .

The battery plant , which makes rechargeable nickel cadmium and carbon zinc products , will be closed over the next year or so , a spokesman said .

`` As far as speed is concerned , it 's probably going to be in the fractions of an inch velocity -- on the order of a tenth of an inch per second , '' said Ben Sellari , the launch package manager at Mission Control .
	Sellari-38	said-36	-nsubj	Ben-37 Sellari-38 	said-36 
Following the end of the Cold War , the United States has become the world 's sole superpower and the trend of pragmatism in its foreign policy has become clearer and clearer .

The agreement with Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd -LRB- BSNL -RRB- and Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd -LRB- MTNL -RRB- would also be signed in the next couple of days .

Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million .
	it-8	expected-9	-nsubj	it-8 	expected-9 	company-6	said-7	-nsubj	the-5 company-6 	said-7 
As South Korea is not included in the Annex I parties , composed of industrialized countries , the accord , which is expected to go into effect some time next year , is not likely to affect the country for a while .

tever capital it -LRB- Sansui -RRB- needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , '' Mr. Nadir said .
	Nadir-36	said-37	-nsubj	Mr.-35 Nadir-36 	said-37 
The protocol faced danger of being shelved altogether , when the U. S , which is responsible for one-fourth of all CO2 emissions in the world , decided to abruptly withdraw from the climate change treaty last March .

Ralston said its Eveready battery unit was hurt by continuing economic problems in South America .
	Ralston-1	said-2	-nsubj	Ralston-1 	said-2 
Many funds in recent weeks and months have been selling their highest-quality junk issues , such as RJR Nabisco , to raise cash to meet expected redemptions .

Sansui was once one of Japan 's premier makers of expensive , high-quality stereo gear for audiophiles .

He trained in desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with new-found skills in a burgeoning industry .
	his-8	ethic-11	-poss	his-8 	enthusiastic-9 work-10 ethic-11 
Ralston attributed its fourth-quarter slump partly to higher costs of ingredients in the pet food business as well as competitive pressures , which required higher advertising spending .

That money was then spent in a variety of ways , adding fuel to our thriving economy .

That may well apply to members of al-Qaeda , a free-floating band of terrorists .

Revenue was about $ 4.5 million .

The US , Japan and members of the EU must reduce emissions by 7 , 6 and 8 percent from the 1990 level .

Still unresolved is Sony 's effort to hire producers Jon Peters and Peter Guber to run the studio .

Many of the children have no homes ; no memories of joy from past holidays .

This is the first international document that makes use of the market mechanism as an approach to solving global ecological problems .

The first is that the current Palestinian leadership represents the Palestinian people 's will , political convictions , and national aspirations .

People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' '' says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer & Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser .
	Brouwer-30	says-28	-nsubj	Kurt-29 Brouwer-30 of-31 Brouwer-32 &-33 Janachowski-34 	says-28 	People-1	seeing-4	-nsubj	People-1 	have-2 been-3 seeing-4 headline-5 
The discussants also presented differing views on the trading of air .
	discussants-2	presented-4	-nsubj	The-1 discussants-2 	presented-4 
The second fact is that if Washington is interested in democratic reforms in order to combat terrorism as it says it is , it should pressure the Israeli leadership to end its occupation of the Palestinian territories and stop its repressive practices against the Palestinian people .
	Washington-7	interested-9	-nsubj	Washington-7 	is-8 interested-9 
The calls in Washington for democracy , transparency , and corruption-free system are only made to serve US plans , not out of concern about nations ' interests .

But considering that South Korea has the highest growth rate of carbon dioxide emissions in the world , it will not be able to fend off international pressure to join in the global campaign to reduce greenhouse gases much longer , experts note .
	international-27	pressure-28	-amod	international-27 	pressure-28 
A gift to Pleasant Run means the children in our care will have presents to open .

Usually when a Japanese company is ready to sell , it has few alternatives remaining , and the grim demeanors of Sansui 's directors at a joint news conference here left little doubt that this was not the company 's finest hour .

And if the States behave badly , we are simply obligated to ratify this document -- this was the conclusion arrived at by the round table .

Developed countries and transitional economies must reduce emissions of greenhouse gases by 2008-2012 by at least 5 percent from the recognized baseline year of 1990 .

The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months .

It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen .
	It-1	expects-2	-nsubj	It-1 	expects-2 
It only wants the international treaties that benefit the US security and economy and globalization .

In Mr. Gudkov 's view , everything is developing well , we can take our time , and we can do nothing at all , since global warming is a threat only to the southern countries .

This year 's results included a gain of $ 70.2 million on the disposal of seafood operations .

Some -- the Pentagon wo n't say how many -- were members of the Taliban and presumably thought they were part of the Afghan army .

Hasbrouk Heights , N.J. , facing a cash-flow squeeze , said it is seeking other financing sources and waivers from debenture holders .
	it-12	seeking-14	-nsubj	it-12 	is-13 seeking-14 
`` However , we do support certain limitations on the villains of the crisis in Zimbabwe , '' he said .
	we-4	support-6	-nsubj	we-4 	do-5 support-6 	he-19	said-20	-nsubj	he-19 	said-20 
However , there are two facts that ought to be highlighted .

True , this position makes one think of Yemelya 's -LRB- illusory -RRB- happiness and worry about the future development of the country -LRB- both technological and economic as a whole -RRB- .
	one-6	think-7	-nsubj	one-6 	think-7 
Measures to tackle global warming will be among the main issues Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and Bush will discuss when they meet Monday in Tokyo , according to Japanese and U.S. officials .

sui was late into the mini-component business and failed to branch into other new businesses .

The Palestinians did not attack Israeli cities , did not arrest thousands of Israeli citizens , and did not blockade their cities and villages , as was done to the Palestinian people without exception .

He was first elected Prime Minister in 1980 and has effectively ruled the country ever since .

Last week a delegation from the International Committee of the Red Cross arrived to inspect the camp and offer private recommendations on its operation .

After a lifetime of trials , Donna not only earned her GED at Goodwill , she earned a job here .

Studsvik expects to get confirmation of the information it has received today .
	Studsvik-1	expects-2	-nsubj	Studsvik-1 	expects-2 
Supported by the world , the United States launched the `` war against terrorism '' of this century .

In the 1988 third quarter , the company posted a net loss of $ 876,706 , or 22 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 5.1 million .

`` Until such time as Mugabe actually subverts the electoral process - when one goes to that extreme , international sanctions will be an option .

It is very regrettable that the United States has taken a negative stand , '' Masaaki Nakajima of Friends of the Earth -LRB- FoE -RRB- Japan said .
	Nakajima-17	said-27	-nsubj	Masaaki-16 Nakajima-17 of-18 Friends-19 of-20 the-21 Earth-22 -LRB--23 FoE-24 -RRB--25 Japan-26 	said-27 	States-8	taken-10	-nsubj	the-6 United-7 States-8 	has-9 taken-10 
The company , he said , also planned to start offering Internet telephony services in the near future and deploy Voice over Internet Protocol to strengthen its ILD presence .
	he-4	said-5	-nsubj	he-4 	said-5 
As a result , the temperature does n't change much in the equatorial and middle latitudes but changes a great deal in the polar regions .

In a spacewalk lasting more than six hours , astronauts Steve Smith and Rex Walheim , the same team that mounted the new truss segment on to the station last Thursday , released launch restraints on the rail car , which rode to space in the shuttle 's cargo bay .

But tremors are likely in the junk-bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years .

The container with the radioactive substance iridium 192 was transshipped at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris by the shipping company Federal Express .

Net income includes an extraordinary gain of about $ 100,000 from the reversal of bad debt and interest income .

Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds , too .

The 15 member nations of the EU announced last fall , at a conference in Morocco , their firm intentions to ratify the Kyoto Protocol .
	their-18	intentions-20	-poss	their-18 firm-19 	intentions-20 
For the nine months , the company reported a net loss of $ 608,413 , or 39 cents a share , compared with year-earlier net income of $ 967,809 , or 62 cents a share .

The move , which follows the European Union 's rejection of Israel 's military occupation of the Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , was the subject of European debate and Israeli objection in the past .

The fund , with a cash cushion of more than 10 % , has `` met all the redemptions without having to sell one thing , '' Mr. Litvack says .
	Litvack-29	says-30	-nsubj	Mr.-28 Litvack-29 	says-30 
CAPE CANAVERAL - -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Astronauts sent the international space station 's new railcar rolling slowly down a short stretch of track Monday , but it quickly hit a snag that interrupted the inaugural run of the first permanent railroad in orbit .

The company said it was `` concerned about the announced intent to acquire control of the company '' by a Sugarman-led group .
	company-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 company-2 	said-3 
The United States turns a blind eye to these practices , pretending to forget that they violate human rights and are continuously denounced by the international community .

We have just observed such a case of a very lengthy thaw in the center of Russia .

But the warming will definitely not be uniform .

Incidentally , last year 's incredibly cold winter in Primorskiy Kray was very possibly an example of the same property .

The Secretary-General welcomed the return of calm to the country , and noted his readiness to assist in the effort to strengthen the democratic dialogue , the rule of law and human rights in Venezuela .
	Secretary-General-2	welcomed-3	-nsubj	The-1 Secretary-General-2 	welcomed-3 	his-14	readiness-15	-poss	his-14 	readiness-15 
The Congress ' resolutions and the statements made by leaders and members of the Congress revealed the US Administration 's harbored intentions .
	Congress-2	resolutions-4	-poss	The-1 Congress-2 '-3 	resolutions-4 
That is , all of our actions are accompanied by a deterioration in the climate .

A total of 186 nations are parties to the convention , including Russia , all of the developed countries and all of the CIS countries .

`` It this information is correct , it means that fewer people will have been exposed to radiation , '' said Hans-Bertil Hakansson , Studsvik managing director and concern chief , to DN -LRB- Dagens Nyheter -RRB- .
	Hakansson-23	said-21	-nsubj	Hans-Bertil-22 Hakansson-23 	said-21 
The SSI says that this involves about ten people in Sweden .
	SSI-2	says-3	-nsubj	The-1 SSI-2 	says-3 
This March , catering to the interests of the US oil and coal barons who have made large political donations to the Republican Party , Bush announced , without prior consultations with its allies , that the United States would not enforce the `` Kyoto Protocol '' which is aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the world .

Already everything humankind does causes incredible damage to nature .

Ralston shares closed yesterday at $ 80.50 , off $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .

On the agenda of tomorrow 's meeting of the Russian government is the question of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol -- a highly important international document that is supposed to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere .

formed for the Columbia deal , will formally take ownership of the movie studio later this month , a spokesman said .

Many of the children are victims of abuse or live in unstable homes .

He also denied reports that the Taleban had concentrated large forces near the border with Uzbekistan .

The US Transport Department has now informed Studsvik that the measurements done by Federal Express in Paris showed no abnormality .

The Bush administration fears the treaty will have a negative effect on its economy and maintains that developing countries , such as China and India , should also be subject to mandatory emission targets .
	administration-3	fears-4	-nsubj	The-1 Bush-2 administration-3 	fears-4 
On the other hand , the report praised the role played by the Lebanese press , describing it as containing daily criticism of the government and its practices .
	report-7	praised-8	-nsubj	the-6 report-7 	praised-8 
The Kyoto Protocol is the only existing international framework to prevent dangerous climate change , '' it added .

The visit will mark the climax of the events organized in connection with the 50th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries .

Their decision would be based on the Commonwealth observer team 's report on the legitimacy of the election as well as those prepared by the Southern African Development Community , the Organisation of African Unity and the SA Observer Mission .
	Their-1	decision-2	-poss	Their-1 	decision-2 
The company said that because of softening sales it is n't in compliance with requirements that it maintain $ 3 million in working capital .
	company-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 company-2 	said-3 
The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will have a tough time deciding what to do .
	you-8	have-13	-nsubj	you-8 and-9 your-10 kids-11 	will-12 have-13 a-14 tough-15 time-16 deciding-17 
And a few days ago , on the initiative of the Foundation for Integrated Applied Research , the problem was taken up by well-known scientists .

He adds : `` Our fund has had -LCB- positive -RCB- net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month .
	He-1	adds-2	-nsubj	He-1 	adds-2 
The superior court has since heard State and defense arguments on the legality of the charges being laid against the opposition leader and reserved judgment .

Rice attacks the Palestinian leadership , which was democratically elected , as testified by international observers , including former US presidents .
	Rice-1	attacks-2	-nsubj	Rice-1 	attacks-2 
Speaking in an address to the Cape Town Press club , Mr Tsvangirai , who is on a visit to South Africa , was quoted by Reuters as saying he was having to `` rein in militants keen to fight President Mugabe 's rule '' .

The legislative branch took part in this oneupmanship by issuing resolutions showing full allegiance to the radical right wing in Israel .

Seoul , Nov. 16 -LRB- Yonhap -RRB- -- The number of employees working on a temporary or daily basis have increased drastically as companies moved to slash labor costs after the financial crisis in 1997 , the National Statistical Office -LRB- NSO -RRB- said Friday .

This approach is based on the fact that Russia 's emissions today are almost 25 percent lower than in 1990 , and , according to forecasts , the baseline level will not be reached in the next 10 years .

The SSI is now attempting to trace people who could have been exposed to the radiation leak .

rebounding from its earlier loss , expects to report earnings from operations of about $ 200,000 for the third quarter , J.C. Matlock , chairman , said .

The pilot who was supposed to fly the container to the US was equipped with a dosimeter , which measures radiation levels .

Sales rose to $ 3 million from $ 2.9 million .

With international consensus having been reached regarding a treaty to combat climate change , a `` red light '' has been issued to South Korea 's heavily carbon-dependent industries .
	international-2	consensus-3	-amod	international-2 	consensus-3 
The completed girder will support thousands of square metres of solar panels generating power for use throughout the station .

But relief will come ; in three months , the Pentagon hopes to replace the facility with something more permanent .
	Pentagon-11	hopes-12	-nsubj	the-10 Pentagon-11 	hopes-12 
He described the opinion that Russia can gain from perturbations of the climate as false .
	He-1	described-2	-nsubj	He-1 	described-2 the-3 opinion-4 
It got to where it was going , but the automatic latching system shut down again and ground controllers had to step in as before .

Now that really would be cruel .

A limitation , rather than reduction , of emissions is specified for several developed countries -LRB- New Zealand , Norway -RRB- , and Australia and Iceland received the right to increase emissions .

The multiservices platform comprises TDM -LRB- Time Division Multiplexing -RRB- switch layer , an ATM -LRB- Asynchronous Transfer Mode -RRB- and IP layer and intelligent network to offer value-added services , he said .
	he-32	said-33	-nsubj	he-32 	said-33 
Goodwill prepares people for life-long employment .
	Goodwill-1	prepares-2	-nsubj	Goodwill-1 	prepares-2 
His second was to announce the end of the three-day general strike he had called with the head of the Confederation of Venezuelan Workers -LRB- CTV -RRB- leader Carlos Ortega in support of protesting managers from state oil company PDVSA .
	he-13	called-15	-nsubj	he-13 	had-14 called-15 with-16 
This requires creating a national system of inventorying emissions and establishing a special registration center to maintain records of quotas .

'' It is hard to disagree with this .

She knows for certain that this occupation and the settlements , which the Israeli government refuses to remove , represent the only major obstacle to peace .
	She-1	knows-2	-nsubj	She-1 	knows-2 	government-15	refuses-16	-nsubj	the-13 Israeli-14 government-15 	refuses-16 
The US national security adviser should have called for ending the occupation and dismantling the settlements .
	adviser-5	called-8	-nsubj	The-1 US-2 national-3 security-4 adviser-5 	called-8 
Your gift will go beyond the holiday season .

For its part , the Palestinian leadership has always sought a just peace , not submission to plans aimed at writing off the Palestinian issue and swallowing the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
	leadership-7	sought-10	-nsubj	the-5 Palestinian-6 leadership-7 	has-8 always-9 sought-10 
Dear Friends of Pleasant Run : The holiday season is the time of year when we 're all busy buying gifts , baking goodies , decorating our homes and making arrangements to be with family and friends .

The insurer 's earnings from commercial property\ lines fell 59 % in the latest quarter , while it lost $ 7.2 million in its personal property\ business , compared with earnings of $ 6.1 million a year ago .

Sherry learned through our Future Works class that she could rise out of the mire of the welfare system and support her family .
	Sherry-1	learned-2	-nsubj	Sherry-1 	learned-2 
Mr Tsvangirai endorsed a United States proposal for targeted sanctions against President Mugabe and members of his Government but said full economic sanctions would be a ruinous mistake .
	Tsvangirai-2	endorsed-3	-nsubj	Mr-1 Tsvangirai-2 	endorsed-3 
The country was no longer the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , in honor of South American independence hero Simon Bolivar , one of former president Hugo Chavez 's heroes .

But though it may lack tennis courts and a putting green , the amenities are better than you 'd find in a cave at Tora Bora .

Engineers suspect the one-ton car floated ever so slightly off the rail , causing the magnetic sensors on the bottom of the car to lose contact with a pair of iron strips in the aluminum tracks .
	Engineers-1	suspect-2	-nsubj	Engineers-1 	suspect-2 
`` We will first start gathering the opinions of business leaders regarding Korea 's ratification of the treaty , while continuing to promote the development of energy-efficient technologies , '' he said , adding a special committee on climate change was formed under KCCI last January .
	he-31	said-32	-nsubj	he-31 	said-32 
`` As South Korea has ` developing country ' status , we are not in a position to voluntarily express our course of action , '' said Yoon Jong-soo , director of the global environment office at the Environment Ministry .
	Jong-soo-29	said-27	-nsubj	Yoon-28 Jong-soo-29 	said-27 
The massive robotic arm , Canada 's contribution to the multi-national space station , lifted the truss segment out and away from the shuttle 's cargo bay and attached it on the station 's laboratory module .

So the impact on the $ 950 billion mutual fund industry as a whole probably will be slight .

`` The quickest defeat of Tsvangirai and his MDC lot would come if they chose the path of violence , '' an analyst who spoke on condition of anonymity said .
	they-14	chose-15	-nsubj	they-14 	chose-15 
He even claimed that to develop the NMD , the United States would be even prepared to scrap the ABM .
	States-12	prepared-16	-nsubjpass	the-10 United-11 States-12 	would-13 be-14 even-15 prepared-16 	He-1	claimed-3	-nsubj	He-1 	even-2 claimed-3 
So far , humanitarian groups have been muted in their criticism of the conditions at Guantanamo .
	groups-5	muted-8	-nsubjpass	humanitarian-4 groups-5 	have-6 been-7 muted-8 in-9 their-10 criticism-11 
Zimbabwe 's performance in Mozambique , Somalia and the DRC speaks for itself .

About 80 to 90 percent of full-time workers were registered for the national pension , employment and health insurance systems while the comparable numbers shrank to 20 percent and 2 to 3 percent for temporary workers and those hired on a daily basis , respectively .

A small circle of experts , in the presence of an even smaller circle of journalists , attempted to define Russia 's place in global climatic strategy .

But the government has not taken any concrete steps regarding the cutback of greenhouse gas emissions , maintaining a wait-and-see approach instead .

Cooling aerosols dispersed over the polar zones would prevent overheating of the tundra during sunny summer nights .

In response , President Chavez reiterated his commitment to the principles of constitutional rule , legality and democracy and his determination to pursue a broad-based national dialogue .
	Chavez-5	reiterated-6	-nsubj	President-4 Chavez-5 	reiterated-6 	his-7	commitment-8	-poss	his-7 	commitment-8 	his-20	determination-21	-poss	his-20 	determination-21 
said a Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share .
	investor-4	signed-6	-nsubj	a-2 Seattle-3 investor-4 	has-5 signed-6 a-7 letter-8 of-9 intent-10 
It does not want anything to do with countries and organizations that do not follow its orders or that always cause troubles to it .
	It-1	want-4	-nsubj	It-1 	does-2 not-3 want-4 
Sony 's planned acquisition of Guber\ Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million is scheduled to close Monday .

The US air strikes have destroyed Taleban emplacements near Mazar-e-Sharif , Dostum said .

Russia is third in the world in total emissions -- after the US and China .

One of our volunteers will be contacting you soon .

It does not want anything to do with the international treaties , mechanisms , and organizations that restrict or prevent US freedom .
	It-1	want-4	-nsubj	It-1 	does-2 not-3 want-4 
`` When we open it , the whole picture will be cleared up , '' Hakansson said .
	Hakansson-16	said-17	-nsubj	Hakansson-16 	said-17 
The responsibility for the event , in which a Chinese plane crashed and a Chinese pilot perished , lies completely with the US side .

But the United States obviously practices pragmatism in its treatment of Pakistan -- a frontline state in the fight against Pakistan .

Even after the adoption of the resolution on `` maintaining and abiding by the `` Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty '' on 29 November at the 56th United Nations General Assembly , the United States still persisted in carrying out a fifth missile interception test .

Those who fall into the enemy 's hands are entitled to POW status until a `` competent tribunal '' has determined their status .

Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $ 500 million , or about 13 % of their junk fund assets , in the past two months .

Environmentalist groups staged a protest against the U.S. alternative to the Kyoto Protocol on curbing global warming near the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo on Sunday prior to President George W. Bush 's arrival in the capital .
	groups-2	staged-3	-nsubj	Environmentalist-1 groups-2 	staged-3 a-4 protest-5 against-6 
The first to raise the problem 40 years ago was the Soviet scientist Mikhail Budyko , who saw that the curve on a graph of the air temperature of the earth 's surface stratum was inexorably moving toward the upper right-hand corner .

Each right entitles shareholders to buy one-half share of common for $ 30 .

And this time of year is an occasion to remember those not as fortunate as we are .

Later Monday , Walz commanded the railcar to move for the third and final time , back down the same 26 feet of track .

She tells me that the 3,666 people we helped find jobs in 1998 earned approximately $ 49 million dollars .
	She-1	tells-2	-nsubj	She-1 	tells-2 
Bush sparked international outcry when he rejected the Kyoto Protocol last March , saying it would mean sacrificing U.S. economic growth .
	international-3	outcry-4	-amod	international-3 	outcry-4 	he-6	rejected-7	-nsubj	he-6 	rejected-7 
Until then , we plan to step up efforts to gradually change our energy structure and reduce greenhouse gases by promoting research on renewable energy and energy-efficient technologies , '' he said .
	we-4	plan-5	-nsubj	we-4 	plan-5 	he-31	said-32	-nsubj	he-31 	said-32 
Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president .
	Harvey-17	says-15	-nsubj	Louis-16 Harvey-17 	says-15 
While Israel rejects the EU plan for political and economic reasons , the EU affirms its position of not recognizing the Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territory as a legitimate part of Israel .
	Israel-2	rejects-3	-nsubj	Israel-2 	rejects-3 	EU-14	affirms-15	-nsubj	the-13 EU-14 	affirms-15 	its-16	position-17	-poss	its-16 	position-17 
You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , '' says Mr. Litvack .
	Litvack-31	says-29	-nsubj	Mr.-30 Litvack-31 	says-29 
Others are from families that are struggling to provide a healthy , happy environment but do n't have the resources to make it possible .

Space station astronaut Carl Walz sent another computer command from inside to get the railcar moving again .

Scientists believe these `` greenhouse '' gases -LRB- GHG -RRB- , which mainly result from burning fossil fuels , raise the earth 's temperature and change the climate by creating floods , droughts , and other abnormal weather phenomena .
	Scientists-1	believe-2	-nsubj	Scientists-1 	believe-2 
Cornell found a number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a work-site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry .
	he-9	dreamed-11	-nsubj	he-9 	never-10 dreamed-11 	Cornell-1	found-2	-nsubj	Cornell-1 	found-2 
The ILD network is based on IP -LRB- Internet Protocol -RRB- centric backbone .

Each year , Lebanon sends an explanation to the State Department about the factors outside of the government 's control .
	Lebanon-4	sends-5	-nsubj	Lebanon-4 	sends-5 an-6 explanation-7 
Goodwill provides jobs at Goodwill .

`` But anyone who wants to speak the language of violence where Zimbabwe is concerned is playing with fire .
	anyone-3	wants-5	-rcmod	anyone-3 who-4 	wants-5 
Tehran , April 16 , IRNA -- United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan telephoned Hugo Chavez , President of Venezuela on April 15 to express satisfaction that the process of restoring constitutional order in Venezuela was underway .
	Secretary-General-10	telephoned-13	-rcmod	United-8 Nations-9 Secretary-General-10 Kofi-11 Annan-12 	telephoned-13 
in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive `` mini-component '' sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other .

The arm was then used for the first time to move the spacewalking astronauts to different work sites around the newly installed truss .

The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle .

Again , ground controllers had to take over manual control to secure the car .

His trial was set to start at the High Court in May but the case was referred to the High Court after he challenged the legality of LOMA in the Supreme Court .
	he-23	challenged-24	-nsubj	he-23 	challenged-24 
The President will hold bilateral talks with the Chinese leaders , including President Jiang Zemin , Premier Zhu Rongji , and Mr. Li Peng , chairman of National People 's Congress .

totally off of welfare .

'' I think what we 're finding out as we go through this is how the mobile transporter works in zero-g , '' said Ben Sellari , a NASA manager .
	I-2	think-3	-nsubj	I-2 	think-3 
Please take a few minutes to mail a donation to Pleasant run .

Several other heads of state had by Saturday indicated they would attend , including Tanzania 's Benjamin Nkapa and Malawi 's Bakili Muluzi , currently also the SADC 's president .

`` I think people are happy because Chavez has fallen .
	I-2	think-3	-nsubj	I-2 	think-3 	people-4	happy-6	-nsubj	people-4 	are-5 happy-6 
`` The assessment by the Foreign Ministry official is brilliant , '' exclaimed Aleksandr Ginzburg , deputy director of the Institute of Atmospheric Physics .
	Ginzburg-15	exclaimed-13	-nsubj	Aleksandr-14 Ginzburg-15 	exclaimed-13 
According to the accord , about 40 industrialized countries must cut or limit emissions of carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping gases by an average of 5.2 percent from 1990 levels by 2012 .

And a handcar will be added to the rail system so astronauts can move more easily along the truss , which will be longer than a football field .

said it adopted a shareholders rights plan to protect shareholders from an inadequately priced takeover offer .

The St. Louis company earned $ 45.2 million , or 65 cents a share , compared with $ 84.9 million , or $ 1.24 a share , a year earlier .

Sincerely , William A Carter , Chairman Goodwill Industries Foundation P.S. Your gift is a wise investment in the community .

which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc. .

Models are flawed , including the greenhouse model , and the only thing that is beyond dispute is that warming is underway , and the contribution of human beings to this alarming condition is very large , possible at least 30 percent .

Alternate use of and complementary nature of pragmatism and unilateralism constitute the characteristics of the Bush administration 's diplomacy .

Your support will help them go to work .
	Your-1	support-2	-poss	Your-1 	support-2 
Nikolay Ratsiborinskiy , a senior adviser to the Foreign Ministry 's Department of International Organizations , took up this role .

According to statistics released by International Energy Agency -LRB- IEA -RRB- , a Paris-based agency affiliated with the OECD , South Korea was found to have recorded the highest growth rate of carbon dioxide emissions in 1999 , showing a 75.5 percent increase since 1990 .

Despite the outward complexity of the task , the creation of a record-keeping and monitoring system is neither very complicated nor very expensive , since the Goskomstat -LRB- State Statistical Committee -RRB- reporting forms that enterprises fill out contain virtually complete data .

But not all of those at Gitmo are al-Qaeda men .

Mutual fund officials say that investors have transferred most of it into their money market accounts , and to a lesser extent , government-bond funds .
	officials-3	say-4	-nsubj	officials-3 	say-4 
Interconnect agreements had already been signed with almost all cellular operators .

Kyle manufactures electronic components .

If the glaciers of Antarctica and Greenland melt down , the level of the world 's oceans will rise .

In the early hours of the morning , chief of the armed forces General Lucas Rincon held a brief news conference to say Mr Chavez 's resignation had been demanded and accepted .

The country is in shellshock .

Ralston said its restructuring costs include the phase-out of a battery facility in Greenville , N.C. , the recent closing of a Hostess cake bakery in Cincinnati and a reduction in staff throughout the company .
	Ralston-1	said-2	-nsubj	Ralston-1 	said-2 
There is no danger of the $ 190 million railcar rolling off the track because of rings on both ends of the 44-foot girder , Sellari said .
	Sellari-26	said-27	-nsubj	Sellari-26 	said-27 
Net advanced to $ 94.2 million , or 89 cents a share , from $ 85 million , or 83 cents a share , including net realized investment gains of $ 31 million , up from $ 10 million a year ago .

American at first signed the document , but a year ago President Bush announced that he would not impose regulations in his country on the discharge of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere .

Sales for the full year were $ 6.6 billion , up 13 % from $ 5.8 billion .

The rail car , installed outside the International Space Station on the crew 's first spacewalk , will have a top speed of just three centimetres per second , but ground controllers may not open up the throttle all the way in their first test today anyway .

Because , strange as it may seem , prolonged , stagnant cold spells are also a result of global warming when there is less ventilation of the atmosphere as a whole .

Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their own stories of success .
	people-9	want-11	-rcmod	many-8 people-9 	want-11 
Jun Mu , deputy director of the industry and environment team at the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry -LRB- KCCI -RRB- , said , `` So far , industries have been rather passive in dealing with emission reductions , as is has been something that was considered to lie far off in the future .

Reports from Lagos indicated that Obasanjo would also not attend .

Representatives of the NGOs including Kiko Network , Peace Boat and FoE Japan handed a letter addressed to Bush to a guard at the embassy .

Mr Tsvangirai called for international action to ensure a free and fair presidential election .
	Tsvangirai-2	called-3	-nsubj	Mr-1 Tsvangirai-2 	called-3 for-4 
The last two months have been the whole ball game , '' says Steven Norwitz , a vice president .
	Norwitz-15	says-13	-nsubj	Steven-14 Norwitz-15 	says-13 
This means that no leak occurred before the container left Paris .

More than two-thirds of the systems shipped , meanwhile , were products introduced in April .

Last Saturday , representatives of 165 countries finally agreed on the rules to implement the 1997 Kyoto Protocol after two weeks of negotiations held in Marrakech , Morocco .
	representatives-4	agreed-9	-nsubj	representatives-4 of-5 165-6 countries-7 	agreed-9 
But it 's hard to find a justification for such detention in the Geneva Convention or anywhere else .

One of the main US diplomatic goals for this year is to persuade the international community to accept the NMD and Russia to agree to revise the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty -LRB- AMD -RRB- by flashing a carrot on a stick .
	community-16	accept-18	-nsubj	the-14 international-15 community-16 	to-17 accept-18 	NMD-20	agree-24	-nsubj	the-19 NMD-20 and-21 Russia-22 	to-23 agree-24 
Del Monte foods unit for # 557 million -LRB- $ 878 million -RRB- .

Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. .

Washington says no , because the Taliban had no clear chain of command and was not a legitimate government .
	Washington-1	says-2	-nsubj	Washington-1 	says-2 
cutive as executive vice president and chief operating officer .

For every dollar donated to Goodwill in 1998 , we helped our `` graduates '' earn an estimated $ 102 .

Both sides are in talks to settle the dispute .

The flagrant attack , which Condoleezza Rice launched on the Palestinian leadership yesterday , demonstrates how international dictatorship is practiced by the most powerful country on earth , which claims to be democratic and an advocate of nations ' right to choose their leaders .

Even the most radical Israeli hardliners expressed the idea of the transfer more politely than the most senior , elected US bodies , which called on the Palestinians to give up the West Bank and look for what they called another homeland .

Politicians and commentators in London are now clamoring that all held in Gitmo must be guaranteed treatment in accordance with international law .
	Politicians-1	clamoring-8	-nsubj	Politicians-1 and-2 commentators-3 in-4 London-5 	are-6 now-7 clamoring-8 
State-sanctioned land invasions , several times declared illegal by Zimbabwe 's courts , as well as a drought have disrupted Zimbabwe 's food production and famine is already looming in much of the country .

confirm the trend .

No reason was provided why Mbeki could not attend .

It may help a family stay together .

For this event , when you purchase a corporate picnic table , you will be able to bring 16 people .

After the 11 September attacks on the United States , the international community strongly condemned the terrorist acts and expressed sympathy and support to the American people .
	community-13	condemned-15	-nsubj	the-11 international-12 community-13 	strongly-14 condemned-15 
The US Congress is set to consider the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Bill , which seeks to impose sanctions on Harare .
	Congress-3	consider-7	-nsubj	The-1 US-2 Congress-3 	consider-7 
Travelers estimated that the California earthquake last month will result in a fourth-quarter pre-tax charge of less than $ 10 million .
	Travelers-1	estimated-2	-nsubj	Travelers-1 	estimated-2 
Saturday , September 20,1997 , from 2:00 p.m. until 7:00 p.m. , marks a special day , as Jameson Camp will hold its first ever Jameson Grill .

General B.B. Bell , who commands Fort Hood , Texas , the base from which military police have been deployed to Cuba .

Mugabe was to be inaugurated again as Zimbabwean president on Sunday following his controversial re-election last weekend .

Eight more truss segments will be added on future missions .

In this situation it is very frightening to do anything else -- for example , to suspend some umbrella , screen or something else in that vein .

RAMALLAH -LRB- Palestine Media Center -RRB- : Signaling a toughening policy towards the illegal Israeli settlements , the European Union 's -LRB- EU -RRB- Origin Committee , which consists of customs experts and commissioners , is to discuss imposing taxes on all Israeli goods produced in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem as well as the occupied Golan Heights .

The US president described him as a man of peace , thereby prompting the world 's ridicule sometimes and denunciation at other times .
	president-3	described-4	-nsubj	The-1 US-2 president-3 	described-4 
The cash equivalent could be several tens of billions of dollars .

At Goodwill she gained in self-confidence , in her vision of her future and in the job skills she needed to find and keep a good job .
	she-3	gained-4	-nsubj	she-3 	gained-4 	her-9	vision-10	-poss	her-9 	vision-10 
Ralston earned $ 422.5 million , or $ 6.44 a share , up 8.9 % from $ 387.8 million , or $ 5.63 a share .

The Commonwealth team earlier this week said that `` the conditions in Zimbabwe did not adequately allow the free and fair expression of will by the electorate '' .
	team-3	said-7	-nsubj	The-1 Commonwealth-2 team-3 earlier-4 this-5 week-6 	said-7 
The iridium container left Studsvik in Nykoping on 27 December and was shipped via Norrkoping , Arlanda , and Paris to Memphis .

Cardoso made his remarks as he sent congress a message calling for ratification of the Kyoto Protocol by Brazil and committing the country to reducing greenhouse emissions by 5.2 % by 2012 .

For the year , pet food volume was flat , the company said .

Right on cue , the car stopped at a work station and was automatically latching itself down when everything came to a halt .

We are saying we will not resort to any violent overthrow or to any violent means , '' he was quoted as having said .
	We-1	saying-3	-nsubj	We-1 	are-2 saying-3 
The Bush administration either refuses to sign , ratify , or implement international treaties or asks for their revision .

NEW DELHI , April 22 -- INTERNATIONAL call charges have finally started tumbling down , with Bharti Telesonic Ltd -- the long-distance arm of the Bharti group offering tariffs that are up to 40 percent lower than the existing rates .

President Pervez Musharraf will pay a state visit to China from 20th to 24th of this month at the invitation of the president of China , Mr. Jiang Zemin .

On Thursday , Bush unveiled the new plan that calls for voluntary limits on greenhouse gas emissions by companies in accordance with economic growth instead of mandatory reduction targets .
	Bush-4	unveiled-5	-nsubj	Bush-4 	unveiled-5 
Both Washington and Israel must realize that the Palestinian people are intelligent enough to read between the lines and understand the long-term aims behind Condoleezza Rice 's statements .

Despite the opposition , Bush went it alone .

company has not been able to cope very effectively with '' changes in the marketplace , said Ryosuke Ito , Sansui 's president .
	Ito-19	said-17	-nsubj	Ryosuke-18 Ito-19 	said-17 
Russia 's emissions are almost twice as great as those of Germany and Japan -LRB- in fourth and fifth places -RRB- .

said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories .

The shootings were the final straw for the military .

At one time , he said the new US missile defense system would not pose a threat to the international security and would not trigger an arms race ; on another occasion , he stated the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty signed by the Soviet Union and the United States in 1972 was `` a product of the Cold War era , '' and thus has lost its binding force .
	he-5	said-6	-nsubj	he-5 	said-6 	he-34	stated-35	-nsubj	he-34 	stated-35 
The 18-metre arm , which is powerful enough to lift entire station modules , was also rewired so it could draw power through the S-0 truss .

She said the move would result in a after-tax charge of less than $ 4 million to be spread over the next three quarters .
	She-1	said-2	-nsubj	She-1 	said-2 
Charges against the MDC leader arose after he allegedly told a crowd at the party 's first anniversary last year that '' ... Zvatichada , what we would like to tell Mugabe today is that ... please go peacefully .
	we-27	like-29	-nsubj	we-27 	would-28 like-29 
Polly Peck 's chairman , Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which was announced Friday .
	the-10	view-13	-det	the-10 official-11 Japanese-12 	view-13 
I had my second chance to change my life .

On Thursday a peaceful rally of more than 100,000 mainly middle class Venezuelans had ended in bloodshed .

In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April .

It is in fact like using multilateral diplomacy to enhance US unilateralism .

`` But as we received it from a US official , we believe it is reliable , '' Hakansson said .
	we-12	believe-13	-nsubj	we-12 	believe-13 	Hakansson-19	said-20	-nsubj	Hakansson-19 	said-20 
As for all the ideas regarding blocking shields , umbrellas and the like , I will answer this way .

in an attempt to get out of an exclusive production contract with Warner .

But after declaring a war against terrorism the United States not only drew Pakistan to its side but also provided aid to it .

They are provided with a medical exam upon admission , and their diet -LRB- is someone making a point about diversity here ? -RRB- ranges from bagels and cream cheese to rice and beans -- all eaten with plastic utensils -- after which the prisoners may clean their teeth with specially shortened brushes .

Under the Geneva Convention , those holding true POWs are bound to release them at the end of hostilities ; but that is the last thing the U.S. wants to do with men who may be al-Qaeda operatives .
	U.S.-28	wants-29	-nsubj	the-27 U.S.-28 	wants-29 
The international treaty to tackle climate change was first envisioned in Kyoto four years ago , but due to the conflicting interests of developed and developing countries as well as other contentious issues such as emission reduction mechanisms and targets , it is yet to go into effect .

So if anyone doubts whether Russia should ratify the document , he is deeply mistaken .
	anyone-3	doubts-4	-nsubj	anyone-3 	doubts-4 	he-12	mistaken-15	-nsubj	he-12 	is-13 deeply-14 mistaken-15 
But analysts say Sansui is a special case .
	analysts-2	say-3	-nsubj	analysts-2 	say-3 
`` We estimate Korea will probably join the countries cutting back emissions no later than 2018 .
	We-2	estimate-3	-nsubj	We-2 	estimate-3 
Total Assets plans and designs computer centers , computer security systems and computer backup systems .

Although a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- , South Korea is still regarded as a developing country and is not obliged to reduce its GHG emissions under the treaty .

In his view , it would not be a bad idea , when the scientific community draws up all sorts of forecasts and plans of action that flow out of them , for it to seek help from the science of paleoclimatology and to gain a broad understanding of its data .
	his-2	view-3	-poss	his-2 	view-3 
The discussion is to be held today , 26 February , and it shall be centered on creating a common European policy , which would revoke duty benefits awarded to Israeli settlement products .

It 's not going to be a country club , '' said Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld last week , describing the new military detention camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and nobody ever expected it would be .
	Rumsfeld-16	said-12	-nsubj	Defense-13 Secretary-14 Donald-15 Rumsfeld-16 	said-12 
We wish you and your family a new year full of joy and love .
	We-1	wish-2	-nsubj	We-1 	wish-2 
Some terminological refinements came up as well .

The problem cropped up after the empty flatcar moved down 17 feet of track at a snail 's pace of less than a half-inch per second .

Some species are disappearing , while others , conversely , are starting to multiply will unprecedented speed .

During a general warming , completely opposite phenomena take place .

Rice 's statements came to dot the i 's and cross the t 's .

NSO statistics showed that the number of workers employed on a temporary and daily basis rose by 888,000 to 6,962,000 in October compared with late 1997 .

Its cereal division realized higher operating profit on volume increases , but also spent more on promotion .

We 'll prepare a hog roast and hot dogs for the kids , with all the fixings .

If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead .

