Two IDF soldiers were lightly wounded in gunfire exchanges near the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem .

Neither Equus nor Tony Lama gave a reason for the changed offer and Tony Lama could n't be reached for comment .

I did very well .

Head of International Cooperation Department of Romania 's Nuclearelectrica Teodor Chirica says that the VVER-1000 technology to be contributed by Russian experts is accepted in the world because is coated for protection and built on US and German supervision and automation systems .
	experts-22	says-12	-pobj-prep-vmod-nsubjpass-ccomp	Russian-21 experts-22 	says-12 	Chirica-11	accepted-24	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-nsubj-ccomp	Romania-7 's-8 Nuclearelectrica-9 Teodor-10 Chirica-11 	is-23 accepted-24 
And I went to , um , one of my staff members and I asked her if she would proofread it , and she thought it was an excellent paper .
	she-24	asked-15	-nsubj-conj-conj	she-24 	asked-15 	And-1	thought-25	-cc-conj	And-1 I-2 	thought-25 
Still , before discussing the antics of Mr. Tobin and the elevation of Ottawa 's John Manley to the status of golden boy , there is the controversial , and more pressing , matter of the plight of the al-Qaeda fighters imprisoned at a U.S. military base in Cuba .

The carrier , named Raffaello , is loaded with three tons of food , clothes , science experiments and spare parts .

After a while , the principal said , `` I would like for you to bring me your , um , transcript so I can see what your grades are like .
	me-17	like-12	-iobj-advcl	me-17 your-18 	would-11 like-12 	I-10	grades-29	-nsubj-advcl-dobj-rcmod-ccomp-nsubj	I-10 	grades-29 
Revenue declined 8 % to $ 85.7 million , from $ 93.3 million a year earlier .

One of the stories that I would like to share with you is the story that is pretty scary and it sticks out into my mind , I guess , mostly , mainly because it was scary .

But one day I came in and I looked at my mail and I was accepted .

The biggest tragedy is that the problems do n't go away ; they only grow .

The weekly said that mainland China has attracted more than US$ 50 billion in investment from Taiwan thus far , while the Taipei authorities bowed to pressure from its own businessmen to lift restrictions on investment in mainland China in May , a move expected to speed up the flow of Taiwan capital to its arch rival .

`` For the U.S. military to treat the prisoners any differently might very well imperil American lives , '' reads the editorial .
	editorial-22	For-2	-nsubj-ccomp-csubj-mark	the-21 editorial-22 	For-2 
`` The presidential elections are over , '' the information minister said .

The vitriol continues .

According to reports received from family members in Rumonge -LRB- southwestern Burundi -RRB- , the fishermen were freed by their kidnappers , the FDD-FNL -LRB- Forces for the Defense of Democracy-National Liberation Forces -RRB- rebels , who had confused the fishermen 's boat to be that of the Burundi army .
	kidnappers-21	confused-39	-rcmod	their-20 kidnappers-21 	had-38 confused-39 
lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double-C from single-B-minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade .

This year we will serve over 1,000 girls through our mentoring programs .

So I went on and took the courses , and as I started I think I was taking economics .
	I-14	So-1	-nsubj-ccomp-advcl-conj-cc	I-14 	So-1 	I-12	think-15	-nsubj-ccomp	I-12 	think-15 	I-16	think-15	-nsubj-advcl-ccomp	I-16 	think-15 	courses-8	think-15	-dobj-conj-conj-advcl-ccomp	the-7 courses-8 	think-15 	economics-19	think-15	-dobj-advcl-ccomp	economics-19 	think-15 
Early adolescence is the most vulnerable age for youth .

At the 1997 conference , representatives of many countries of the world supported and welcomed the adoption of the `` Kyoto Protocol '' as an epoch-making measure to curb the warming of the earth 's surface and atmosphere .
	representatives-6	supported-13	-nsubj	representatives-6 of-7 many-8 countries-9 of-10 the-11 world-12 	supported-13 and-14 welcomed-15 
After holding talks with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi in Tokyo on Thursday , Iliescu traveled to the central Japan prefecture to inspect the facility .

The 28 fishermen who were abducted on Tuesday -LRB- 28 August -RRB- morning in Lake Tanganyika have been released without any ransom being paid .

But because there are so many children in the family there are other things you 're going to have to have to go to school and I just do n't have the money .

The ministry also suggested that before judging others ' rights records , the United States should investigate the situation at home , including the government 's failure to ratify some international human rights agreements and the use of the death penalty .
	ministry-2	suggested-4	-nsubj	The-1 ministry-2 	suggested-4 	judging-7	suggested-4	-pcomp-prep-ccomp	judging-7 others-8 	suggested-4 
Out of 150 assistants who had applied for this grant only 16 got the opportunity , so I felt very proud of myself .
	myself-23	felt-19	-pobj-prep	myself-23 	felt-19 very-20 proud-21 	I-18	Out-1	-nsubj-rcmod-nsubj-prep	I-18 	Out-1 
Rather , his sudden departure from politics provoked much criticism .

Sudan 's civil war has raged since 1983 when the SPLA took up arms in a bid to end domination of the mainly Christian and animist south by the Islamic government in the north .

OTTAWA - The plight of prisoners and politicians has been weighing heavily on the minds of editorial writers and pundits in and around the nation 's capital .
	minds-15	on-13	-pobj	the-14 minds-15 of-16 editorial-17 writers-18 and-19 pundits-20 	has-9 been-10 weighing-11 heavily-12 on-13 
... That might make it more difficult to find Osama bin Laden and his remaining thugs .

Houston , would pay $ 12 cash and one new preferred share with a liquidation preference of $ 1.65 a share for each of Tony Lama 's 2.1 million shares outstanding .

Once triggered , the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 % of the then current market price or , at the board 's discretion , to receive securities or assets .

The cosmonaut kept peeking through a small window before the hatch finally swung open between the docked spacecraft .

Onufrienko , a fisherman , took material to tie flies .

Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai , easily beaten by the veteran president according to official results , said Mugabe had stolen the vote through violence and intimidation and by preventing hundreds of thousands of people from voting .
	thousands-32	said-17	-dobj-pcomp-conj-prep-ccomp	thousands-32 of-33 people-34 from-35 voting-36 	said-17 	Opposition-1	said-17	-nn-nsubj	Opposition-1 	said-17 
Registrar-General Tobaiwa Mudede declared Mugabe the winner after results were in from all 120 constituencies .

Rights attached to the company 's common shares were issued that are triggered if a hostile bidder acquires more than 20 % of the shares outstanding .

That was my dream , to teach school .

`` To put it mildly the figures are very odd , with very low turnouts in the cities and massives ones in the rural areas , which is unprecedented in this country , '' he said .
	he-35	said-36	-nsubj	he-35 	said-36 	it-4	said-36	-dobj-dep-ccomp	it-4 	said-36 
Karimov stressed that trade turnover between Uzbekistan and Japan in 2001 is expected to be quite good .
	Karimov-1	stressed-2	-nsubj	Karimov-1 	stressed-2 
The United States , which has to do the most to implement the `` Kyoto Protocol , '' has come out opposing the draft regulations .

He also wrote that while the former minister may have been one of the longest-serving MPs , he was also one of the most `` unstable , '' noting his career was like a `` rough sea , '' with highs and lows and never calm .
	one-12	wrote-3	-advcl-ccomp	one-12 of-13 the-14 longest-serving-15 MPs-16 	wrote-3 	he-18	wrote-3	-nsubj-ccomp	he-18 	wrote-3 	minister-8	noting-29	-nsubj-advcl-prep-pobj-vmod	the-6 former-7 minister-8 	noting-29 
`` This support will be an asset for Mr Colin Powell , to whom we renew our support in his difficult mission , '' according to the communique of the spokesman of the French Foreign Affairs Ministry , Francois Rivasseau .
	Powell-11	according-25	-pobj-prep-prep	Mr-9 Colin-10 Powell-11 	according-25 	Rivasseau-40	to-26	-appos-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-pobj	Francois-39 Rivasseau-40 	according-25 to-26 
`` Our agency seriously needs equipment for detecting drugs , '' he said .

Sales were C$ 348.2 million compared with C$ 307.2 a year earlier .

The publication quoted Wu Guoguang , a professor at Hong Kong University , as saying that any concessions by Washington on the Taiwan issue could trigger a defection of its Asian allies , including Japan , to Beijing 's fold .

New Zealand Foreign Affairs Minister Phil Goff welcomed the Commonwealth 's suspension of Zimbabwe but said New Zealand was likely to impose sanctions anyway .
	Commonwealth-10	said-16	-poss-dobj-conj	the-9 Commonwealth-10 	said-16 
If you are a regular contributor to the Annual Campaign , I encourage you to consider increasing your gift by 10 % .

Then the task was to help children who lost parents in the Civil War .

Amendments in the code will consist in defining an electoral law for the one-round electoral system , and in establishing clear procedures of registering candidates , constituents , as well as vote counting .

The former colonial power Britain said that Mugabe had held on to power through a `` systematic campaign of violence and intimidation '' .
	Britain-5	intimidation-22	-nsubj-ccomp-prep-pobj-prep-pobj-conj	The-1 former-2 colonial-3 power-4 Britain-5 	intimidation-22 
In 1994 Pleasant Run served 346 children and 125 families .

It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double-B-minus\ rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single-B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes .

All right thank you .

And he told me I would have to write this paper .
	me-4	told-3	-dobj	me-4 	told-3 
`` We ca n't help but wonder if some politicians and civil rights advocates are overreacting when it comes to the treatment of captured al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters by the United States .

Uh , while I was in high school a teacher of mine noticed that I had an extra bone in my foot and she said , `` Well now Sandra we can use this as get toward , on your grant to go to college .

Bucharest , Feb 28 -LRB- Rompres -RRB- -- The prospects for the construction of a new unit on Russian technology at Romania 's nuclear plant at Cernavoda were sketched out in Moscow during a visit by Romania 's Prime Minister Adrian Nastase on 21 February .

Prague -- The UN has confirmed to the Czech Republic the successful ratification of the Kyoto Protocol , the aim of which is to ensure the reduction of the so-called greenhouse gases , Environment Minister Milos Kuzvart told the participants in a UN conference on climatic changes in the Moroccan city of Marrakech yesterday .

In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline .

`` Conditions for detainees in Guantanamo Bay are harsh : wire-mesh cells 2.4 by 1.8 metres , a sleeping mat and blanket , a bucket for a toilet , '' writes the Citizen .
	Citizen-33	harsh-9	-nsubj-ccomp	the-32 Citizen-33 	harsh-9 
He said this investment was made in various industries , including health care , education , and in improvement of water supplies in the country .

CAPE CANAVERAL -- -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Two American astronauts and one Russian cosmonaut moved into the International Space Station on Saturday , settling in for a half-year stay .

Their products , in high quality and great variety , are shipped to supermarkets and hotels and sold at a good price .

All my life I always wanted to be a teacher even from the time I started to school .

Amdahl 's principal competitor for mainframe sales .

Emphasizing the significance of the adoption of the `` Kyoto Protocol , '' Japan loudly trumpeted at that time that the adoption of the protocol was `` produced by the role '' Japan had played .

And I enjoy what I do .
	And-1	enjoy-3	-cc	And-1 I-2 	enjoy-3 
Goff said that while he welcomed the suspension , it appeared it had been done reluctantly .
	he-5	welcomed-6	-nsubj	he-5 	welcomed-6 	it-12	welcomed-6	-nsubjpass-ccomp-advcl	it-12 	welcomed-6 
Although Mbeki has not specifically given his own views , an official South African observer team said the election result should be respected .
	his-7	said-17	-poss-dobj-advcl	his-7 	said-17 	team-16	said-17	-nsubj	an-11 official-12 South-13 African-14 observer-15 team-16 	said-17 
I ca n't think of any job that would make me any happier .

Crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter .

And what they have said about him has not been pretty .

But Beijing 's leaders are not likely to blink on the issue either because an independent state in Taiwan would boost the schisms in Tibet and Xinjiang and threaten the regime in Beijing , the magazine claimed .
	leaders-4	claimed-37	-nsubj-ccomp	Beijing-2 's-3 leaders-4 	claimed-37 
When young people do n't have that support , they need other resources for encouragement to guide them along the way .

How the problems of the global warming and environmental preservation are handled today will have a major impact on the lives and health of people as well as the future development of the world .

`` We have a national executive meeting ... where we will be looking at the figures and give the reaction of the party , '' said David Coltart , MP for the Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- Mdc -RRB- .
	We-2	reaction-20	-nsubj-dobj-rcmod-conj-dobj	We-2 	the-19 reaction-20 	party-23	reaction-20	-pobj-prep	the-22 party-23 	the-19 reaction-20 	Coltart-28	give-18	-nsubj-ccomp-dobj-rcmod-conj	David-27 Coltart-28 	give-18 the-19 reaction-20 
It is a well-known fact that the `` Kyoto Protocol '' was adopted at the Fifth Conference of Parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change held in Japan in 1997 .

On a recent visit to Turkey , Romania 's Prime Minister Adrian Nastase presented his Turkish counterpart Bulent Ecevit the advantages of investments in the plant at Cernavoda , which include a generation price of $ 12\ .
	his-15	presented-14	-poss-dobj	his-15 	presented-14 
`` The release was due to tremendous efforts by the citizens who benefit from the company 's services , '' the company said in a statement received by AFP , without elaborating further .

The Czech Republic is the first country of the Visegrad group to have completed the ratification process .

So I never got a chance to go to school .

I 'd never gone to college before .

The price for the energy generated at Cernavoda is some $ 6 higher than the cheapest energy generated by the water power plants , yet some $ 20 lower than the energy generated by the thermal plants .

U.S. officials have partially endorsed that view , pointing to rebel leaders such as Shamil Basayev and the Jordanian-born Omar Ibn al Khattab , who are believed to have financial and other ties to Osama bin Laden 's al-Qaida terrorist network .

So I was in those situations where I first , come first , transfer last , come first to transfer out .

However , non-interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million .

For Pleasant Run to continue to serve abused and neglected children and their families , we need your support .

Amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected .

TIRANA , may 21 -LRB- ATA -RRB- -- Parliamentary Commission on Electoral Reform is now complete with all members that are to represent parliamentary parties .

Naturally , I start crying , and one of my main ways of getting out of work was always saying something hurt me , either my stomach , or that I had a headache , or something was wrong with my leg .
	I-31	had-32	-nsubj	I-31 	had-32 a-33 headache-34 	I-3	Naturally-1	-nsubj-advmod	I-3 	Naturally-1 
I had to take over the classroom .

Mama cut my head off with the butcher knife .

TEHRAN -- In a meeting with the head of Foreign Ministry 's Representative Office in Mashhad , Khorasan Province , Turkmen deputy foreign minister on Sunday , said that new facilities have been provided for issuing visas for Iranians who intend to visit Turkmenistan .
	who-40	intend-41	-nsubj	Iranians-39 who-40 	intend-41 	Office-14	intend-41	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-ccomp-prep-pcomp-dobj-rcmod	Foreign-10 Ministry-11 's-12 Representative-13 Office-14 	intend-41 
Moscow , 5 July : Due to poor technical equipment , Tajikistan seizes only 10 per cent of the drugs transited through its territory from Afghanistan , Director of the Tajik anti-drug agency Rustam Nazarov has said .

I do n't feel good .
	I-1	good-5	-nsubj-acomp	I-1 	good-5 	n't-3	do-2	-neg-aux	n't-3 	do-2 
Iliescu met with Shoichiro Toyoda , honorary Toyota chairman , and Fujio Cho , president of Japan 's largest automaker .

Today , we serve children and families with a multitude of problems : emotional , physical , psychological and sexual abuse .

`` Even thugs deserve humane treatment , '' reads the headline of the Ottawa Citizen editorial .

One of these countries is Turkey , a net importer of energy .

Some come from families where , through therapy , there is hope for reunification .

Japan even called for working out practical measures to have it enter into force .
	Japan-1	called-3	-nsubj	Japan-1 	even-2 called-3 for-4 
Net income fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year-ago period .

The US said the election , extending Mugabe 's 22-year rule for another six years , was `` fundamentally flawed '' .
	Mugabe-8	said-3	-poss-dobj-vmod-nsubjpass-ccomp	Mugabe-8 	said-3 
In meetings with Japanese officials , Aziz will explain impacts of Afghan refugees flooding into Pakistan on its economy , they said .

Since Japan has no spirit of independence and has always acted on US directions , Japan had continued to put off Diet ratification of the protocol and took such an attitude at the UN session held this time , under the plausible pretext that it would be meaningless to put the `` Kyoto Protocol '' into force , if the United States were excluded .

The second reactor , which is to be commissioned in 2005 , is also built on CANDU technology and estimated to cost $ 700 million to complete .

Chavez , whose mandate was due to end in 2006 , was forced out of office by the country 's armed forces who blamed him for the deaths of 15 people during demonstrations in the streets of central Caracas against an opposition protest which later became violent .
	forces-22	blamed-24	-rcmod	the-18 country-19 's-20 armed-21 forces-22 	blamed-24 
The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding .

So he graduated from , um , Johnson C. Smith , here in Charlotte .

And her little girl just complained , `` I do n't want to wash the dishes .
	girl-4	complained-6	-nsubj	her-2 little-3 girl-4 	just-5 complained-6 
Referring to the difficult period the venezuelan nation went through in the past week , President Chavez said the anti-democractic attempts to topple his government failed with the help of the Almighty God and the people .
	Chavez-17	Referring-1	-nsubj-vmod	President-16 Chavez-17 	Referring-1 	people-36	said-18	-conj-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-vmod-dobj-vmod	the-35 people-36 	said-18 
Although profits were `` squeezed '' in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw-material costs , the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond .
	it-22	said-21	-nsubj-ccomp	it-22 	said-21 
My husband became very ill with cancer and I had to make a decision as to whether I would continue my education or take care of him and I felt like I needed to take care of him because he stood by me so much while I was going to school .
	I-29	felt-30	-nsubj	I-29 	felt-30 	he-40	decision-14	-nsubj-advcl-nsubj-nsubj-dobj	he-40 	decision-14 	me-43	by-42	-pobj	me-43 	stood-41 by-42 	I-18	stood-41	-nsubj-pcomp-prep-advmod-nsubj-nsubj-advcl	I-18 	stood-41 
He will be the first Pakistani minister to visit Japan since the United States began air strikes against Afghanistan in early October .

Editorial writers at The Daily Press in Timmins disagree .
	Press-6	disagree-9	-pobj-prep-nsubj	The-4 Daily-5 Press-6 in-7 Timmins-8 	disagree-9 
If you have not supported Big Sisters in the past , please join me in doing so by completing and returning the enclosed pledge form .

According to the `` Kyoto Protocol , '' by 2008 - 2012 Japan is supposed to reduce its greenhouse gas emission by six percent from the 1990 level .

18 -LRB- Jiji Press -RRB- -- Pakistani Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz will visit Japan as early as late October as a special envoy of President Pervez Musharraf , Pakistani government officials said Thursday .

For the `` Kyoto Protocol '' to enter into force , 55 countries have to ratify it .

So she said , `` Go home and talk to your mother about it and see if we , you know , can follow through with applying for a grant , scholarship grant for you .

This is the reason why many people of the world today are demanding that the world take concrete measures for protecting the environment , as they have come to realize its importance .
	they-26	come-28	-nsubj	they-26 	have-27 come-28 to-29 realize-30 	people-7	demanding-13	-nsubj	many-6 people-7 of-8 the-9 world-10 	demanding-13 	world-16	realize-30	-nsubj-mark-ref-rcmod-ccomp-advcl-xcomp	the-15 world-16 	realize-30 	environment-23	demanding-13	-dobj-pcomp-prep-ccomp	the-22 environment-23 	demanding-13 
And I went ahead and mailed it in thinking uh I wo n't get the scholarship .
	And-1	thinking-9	-cc-conj-prep-pcomp	And-1 I-2 	thinking-9 
Salmah Trading and Investment Company said its fishermen , who were captured last August while fishing in the Fangak area in south Sudan 's Upper Nile region , were set free Tuesday by the Sudan People 's Liberation Army -LRB- SPLA -RRB- .

Zimbabwe 's Information Minister Jonathan Moyo immediately blasted the decision to lump his nation in with Pakistan , which is also currently suspended from the Commonwealth .

That 's it .

Japan will be unable to escape stronger denunciation and more serious isolation from the world , if it continues to seek only its own profit and create stumbling blocks , and does not do what it is supposed to do to prevent the global warming and seek environmental preservation .

Referring to the objective of those who were behind the military coup in Venezuela , Chavez said they wwanted to have Venezuela come out from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries -LRB- OPEC -RRB- and therefore tried to produce more oil in order to undermine the organization .
	Chavez-16	said-17	-nsubj	Chavez-16 	said-17 	coup-12	said-17	-pobj-prep-nsubj-ref-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-vmod	the-10 military-11 coup-12 in-13 Venezuela-14 	said-17 	those-6	said-17	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-vmod	those-6 	said-17 
Ambassador Salih added that the American delegation will meet a number of Sudanese officials and personalities .

The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions .

After all of this was , after I , I decided not to continue I 've never pursued the fact of going back to school .
	I-10	fact-20	-nsubj-xcomp-ccomp-dobj	I-10 	fact-20 
Well I did n't like writing at the time but I took it upon myself to go ahead and write a paper .

Japan should be condemned by the world for that .
	world-7	condemned-4	-pobj-prep	the-6 world-7 	be-3 condemned-4 
But the wonderful thing about it my mom was always there close by to let me know that I was OK .

But caring adults like you can reach out and help .

Mugabe 's government dismissed criticism of the election .
	election-8	of-6	-pobj	the-7 election-8 	dismissed-4 criticism-5 of-6 
Norwegian and local observers said thousands of people , mostly in opposition strongholds , had been prevented from voting .
	people-8	said-5	-pobj-prep-nsubjpass-ccomp	people-8 	said-5 	observers-4	opposition-12	-nsubj-ccomp-prep-pobj-nn	Norwegian-1 and-2 local-3 observers-4 	opposition-12 
It 's been a week now since Jean Chretien 's Cabinet shuffle and the dramatic departure of Brian Tobin -- seven days during which the print pundits have had time to ponder his actions .
	pundits-27	It-1	-nsubj-prep-pobj-ref-dep-conj-pobj-prep-nsubjpass	the-25 print-26 pundits-27 	It-1 
Paris , 10 April : `` The conditions are now in place for the United States and the European Union to combine their efforts to work for peace , '' the French Foreign Affairs Ministry said on Thursday -LRB- as received - presumably meant to read Wednesday 10 April -RRB- following the Madrid meeting on the Middle East .

Russian officials from President Vladimir Putin on down have portrayed the conflict in Chechnya as a war against international terrorists .
	officials-2	portrayed-10	-nsubj	Russian-1 officials-2 from-3 President-4 Vladimir-5 Putin-6 on-7 down-8 	have-9 portrayed-10 
In the 20 demonstration zones built between 1998 and 2000 , grain output was increased by 2 billion kg , saving 640 million yuan in production costs .

It was also discovered that these illegal immigrants were carrying false documents .

Attorney General Francisco Cayuela confirmed that preliminary investigations indicate that the gang of Mexican Saul ` El Guero ' Medina specialized in smuggling illegal aliens from the Middle East , in addition to car theft .

The joint majority-opposition commission was completed yesterday with the presentation of 5 members from the Socialist Party .

Families are being torn apart , and too often , children are the victims .

I could n't believe it .

It grudgingly agreed to it only when some countries made concessions and made amendments to the draft .
	It-1	agreed-3	-nsubj	It-1 	grudgingly-2 agreed-3 	it-5	agreed-3	-pobj-prep	it-5 	grudgingly-2 agreed-3 
Of course , behind the Japan 's behavior lies its stakes .

He initiated a successful Caracas OPEC summit in September 2000 , the second in the 40-year existence of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries .

On the pretext of the US opposition , Japan was attempting to realize its own objective .
	opposition-7	objective-16	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-nsubj-nsubj-dobj	the-5 US-6 opposition-7 	own-15 objective-16 
company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from International Business Machines Corp. .

Um , that , I really do n't know why they closed that school down because it was a really nice school and everything , but they eventually tore it down because I was there I think the first year I went there was the year they built a really nice gym , and I do n't think they used that gym no more than three years .
	I-5	think-58	-nsubj-ccomp-conj	I-5 	do-56 n't-57 think-58 	I-55	know-9	-nsubj-conj-ccomp	I-55 	really-6 do-7 n't-8 know-9 
The company had a net loss of C$ 2.3 million , or 14 Canadian cents a share , a year ago .

The US deputy assistant secretary of state for African affairs -LRB- Charles Schneider -RRB- is due to arrive in Khartoum on Thursday -LRB- 25 October -RRB- at the head of a delegation on a three-day visit to Sudan .

Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , 6 Dec -LRB- AFP -RRB- -- A pollero -LRB- immigrant smuggler -RRB- , suspected of having facilitated the entry into the United States of illegal aliens from the Middle East , was arrested and is being investigated by the United States and Mexico , the authorities informed this Thursday .

It is Iliescu 's second trip to Japan as president and his third overall , including a private visit in 1999 .

I did n't particularly want to come here and when I came here everybody noticed that I was really , really sad because I loved being at Enderly Park .
	I-24	want-5	-nsubj-advcl-ccomp-conj	I-24 	did-2 n't-3 particularly-4 want-5 	I-11	sad-22	-nsubj-advcl-ccomp	I-11 	really-21 sad-22 	here-13	loved-25	-advmod-ccomp-advcl	here-13 everybody-14 	loved-25 
This is an impressive number ; but for each girl served , more are left unserved .

The Ministerial Police discovered that the `` El Guero '' Medina 's gang operated from Matamoros and had branches in India , Brazil , Guatemala , Pakistan , Honduras , and El Salvador .

The El Paso , Texas , maker of Western boots and leather accessories said the preferred stock would accrue dividends at a 12 % rate , but would n't be paid for the first two years .

Russian security forces in Chechnya have `` demonstrated little respect for basic human rights and there were credible reports of serious violations , including numerous reports of extrajudicial killings by both the government and Chechen fighters , '' the report said .
	report-40	said-41	-nsubj	the-39 report-40 	said-41 
Um , the , you know , I really do n't know .

But then , after awhile , I fell in love with Berryhill .
	I-7	But-1	-nsubj-cc	I-7 	But-1 	Berryhill-12	fell-8	-pobj-prep	Berryhill-12 	fell-8 in-9 love-10 	But-1	fell-8	-cc	But-1 	fell-8 in-9 love-10 
I enjoy my job very much .
	I-1	enjoy-2	-nsubj	I-1 	enjoy-2 
South Africa and Nigeria together with Australia comprise a special Commonwealth group given the power to take measures against Zimbabwe if the election is deemed not to have been free and fair .

The first school I worked at was Enderly Park and then it was closed down .

And she was in there stomping and crying and mad and taking all her good time .
	her-14	stomping-6	-poss-nsubj	her-14 	stomping-6 and-7 crying-8 
In his inauguration speech on Sunday , Mugabe promised to accelerate his controversial land reforms begun in July 2000 , which aim to resettle blacks on white-owned farms in a bid to reverse colonial-era injustices .

The MDC leadership was to meet mid-morning to discuss the results .

Mugabe was declared the winner of the presidential vote with 56 percent of votes to Tsvangirai 's 42 percent .

The rebels released the boat shortly after the fishermen were captured .

Chavez was brought back to the Venezuelan presidential palace early Sunday by helicopter from a Caribbean island where he was detained after the coup and thereafter resumed his functions as president .

This shows how capricious Japan is and how frequently it changes its stand when the stakes matter the most .

Name Address City , State , Zip Dear Name , It 's tough growing up today .

Please `` help good kids get better '' by sending us a contribution today .

I 've only worked at two , two schools .

As to the re-establishment of legal order in his country , Chavez briefed the Iranian president on the latest developments in his country .

It was expected that the protocol would be ratified by the countries that signed it and would have a legal binding force .

Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan .

The pundits in Ottawa , it seems , have saved all of their praise for John Manley , the new Deputy Prime Minister and a hometown favorite .
	Manley-17	saved-10	-pobj-prep	John-16 Manley-17 	have-9 saved-10 all-11 of-12 their-13 praise-14 	pundits-2	for-15	-nsubj-prep	The-1 pundits-2 in-3 Ottawa-4 	their-13 praise-14 for-15 	their-13	praise-14	-poss	their-13 	praise-14 
`` One gets the impression that its writers simply used old drafts , as if nothing had happened in either Russia or the United States in recent years , as if the events of Sept. 11 , 2001 had not occurred and the international community had not closed ranks in the battle against terrorism , '' the ministry said in a statement .

The Toyota executives briefed the Romanian leader about the mechanism for hybrid cars and the firm 's efforts to develop a fuel-cell vehicle , the company said .

A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the `` core capital '' criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 .

`` No tears will be shed in this corner since Brian Tobin 's departure represents his third consecutive betrayal of voters , '' Walter Robinson , federal director of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation and a regular columnist in The Ottawa Sun wrote yesterday .
	Robinson-25	wrote-42	-nsubj	Walter-24 Robinson-25 	wrote-42 
Yeah , and at the time , I was also working in the classroom .

Zimbabwe had ignored its commitment to a free and fair poll .
	ignored-3	commitment-5	-dobj	ignored-3 its-4 	commitment-5 
So that night I went home and I asked my mother about it and she said , `` Baby , I really want you to go to college .
	I-21	to-25	-nsubj-dobj-nsubj-aux	I-21 	to-25 
Savin cited `` a general softening in the demand for office products in the market segments in which Savin competes .

He went to Livingstone and then to transferred to Johnson C. Smith , so to make it easier on my mom , to , as far as , you know , him staying at home and going to school too .

The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow , helping youth become strong , independent adults of tomorrow .

Here , Japan and other developed countries have to assume especially large responsibilities .

Director of America Department at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Ambassador Mirghani Muhammad Salih said in a statement to Suna -LRB- Sudanese news agency -RRB- that the delegation 's visit comes in preparation for the coming visit of the American envoy for peace in Sudan .

holders adopted a shareholder-rights plan at the annual meeting .

A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill .

Kids like Tommie J. , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H. , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .

Argentine President Fernando De la Rua declared a national state of siege Wednesday night and ordered additional security forces into the streets to control violence that left at least six people dead and hundreds wounded or arrested .

All of a sudden the butcher knife came out of the drawer and it began to roll around in the air .

Chavez is a staunch supporter of oil production cuts in order to boost prices in the world market .
	Chavez-1	supporter-5	-nsubj	Chavez-1 	is-2 a-3 staunch-4 supporter-5 
So I worked maybe like four months in the classroom and that highly put a damper on my wanting to be a teacher from all the responsibility along with the fact that I was taking care of a very sick husband .
	my-18	wanting-19	-poss	my-18 	wanting-19 
As gear moved back and forth across the threshold , Endeavour 's astronauts used the ship 's robot arm to lift an Italian-built cargo carrier from the shuttle and attach it to the station .

I guess you 'd say as a sub because the teacher that I was working with at that time was pregnant and she had to take a leave of absence .
	you-3	guess-2	-nsubj-ccomp	you-3 	guess-2 	'd-4	guess-2	-aux-ccomp	'd-4 	guess-2 
We did not have very much but my mom always found a way to keep us busy or keep us entertained , and one of the ways that she kept us entertained was by telling stories , reading poems , and singing to us .
	us-31	We-1	-nsubj-ccomp-dep-pobj-prep-nsubj-conj-nsubj	us-31 	We-1 	We-1	entertained-32	-nsubj-conj-nsubj-prep-pobj-dep-ccomp	We-1 	entertained-32 
LONDON , March 19 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - The Commonwealth suspended Zimbabwe for one year on Tuesday , taking action against the regime of President Robert Mugabe a week after controversial elections returned him to power .

I think that was the last class I took .
	I-1	I-8	-nsubj-ccomp-rcmod-nsubj	I-1 	I-8 
Luckily I had all A 's .

`` The committee decided to suspend Zimbabwe from the councils of the Commonwealth for one year with immediate effect , '' Australian Prime Minister John Howard told reporters here .
	committee-3	suspend-6	-nsubj	The-2 committee-3 	suspend-6 
However , Tony Lama said it would promptly submit the offer to a special committee of the company 's board .

In the course of calculating the gains and losses of the `` Kyoto Protocol '' and trying to figure out what it should do , Japan found a good excuse .

Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region and the cities of Shanghai and Beijing are experimenting with the satellite positioning technology for accurate control of fertilizer application .

I 'd like to tell you about how I got into becoming a teacher 's assistant .

`` But that does n't necessarily make them inhumane .

Results broadcast on state television gave Mugabe 1,634,382 votes , or 52 per cent of the 3.1 million ballots cast .

And before you know it , the butcher knife came around and cut the little girl 's head off .

The surprise decision comes after the 54-nation group failed to reach agreement on sanctions against Harare before the voting , when African leaders rallied around the anti-colonialist Mugabe , who has held power since independence from Britain in 1980 .

Nonetheless , Japan , changing its stand this time , opposed the draft regulations to put the `` Kyoto Protocol '' into force and even called for liquidation of the draft .
	Japan-3	opposed-11	-nsubj	Japan-3 	opposed-11 
At the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change held recently in Morocco , Japan laid artificial obstacles to the session by seeking its own profit .

Russia introduced a moratorium on capital punishment , a prerequisite for joining the Council of Europe , in 1996 .

Out of 2,200 kg of drugs seized this year in Tajikistan , only 837 kg were seized at the border , and the rest inside the country , Nazarov said .

Zimbabwe security forces went on high alert and erected roadblocks around Harare after the result was announced .

And he asked me to be a teacher assistant the next following year .
	he-2	asked-3	-nsubj	he-2 	asked-3 
But he told me to go ahead and try it , so I took the entrance test , and they accepted me into at the school , and I took some courses there .
	I-29	told-3	-nsubj-conj-conj	I-29 	told-3 	me-22	told-3	-dobj-conj	me-22 	told-3 	me-4	told-3	-dobj	me-4 	told-3 
Although there is only scant possibility of a military conflict in the Taiwan Strait , the Nouvel Observateur said , Beijing 's military buildup in its southern coastal provinces still makes the region `` the most heavily armed place in the world next only to the Middle East , '' and a dangerous flashpoint in the 21st century .
	Beijing-21	said-19	-poss-nsubj-ccomp	Beijing-21 	said-19 
The land reforms have been marred by political violence led by liberation war veterans who support Mugabe .
	who-15	support-16	-nsubj	who-15 	support-16 	war-13	veterans-14	-nn	war-13 	veterans-14 
Mugabe passed the 50 per cent mark with only six districts left to be declared , official figures showed on Wednesday .

The panel had been expected to defer or reject calls for Zimbabwe 's suspension after Mbeki and Obasanjo held talks Monday with Mugabe and defeated opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai , and apparently proposed to mediate in talks between the two sides .
	panel-2	defer-7	-nsubj	The-1 panel-2 	defer-7 or-8 reject-9 calls-10 for-11 	Mbeki-16	proposed-33	-nsubj-conj	Mbeki-16 and-17 Obasanjo-18 	proposed-33 	Zimbabwe-12	proposed-33	-poss-pobj-prep-dobj-nsubj-nsubjpass-advcl-conj	Zimbabwe-12 	proposed-33 
pending ratification by holders .

`` I ... therefore declare Robert Mugabe the winner for the office of the presidency of Zimbabwe , '' Mudede said .

The Sudbury Star agrees : `` This conflict must now move to its next stage .
	its-13	agrees-4	-poss-pobj-prep-ccomp	its-13 	agrees-4 	Star-3	The-1	-det	Sudbury-2 Star-3 	The-1 
Russian Yuri Onufrienko could n't wait to take over as space station commander from American Frank Culbertson .

So one night my mother asked me to go inside and wash the dishes .
	me-7	asked-6	-dobj	me-7 	asked-6 
It has to restructure the plants and enterprises , introduce new technology , and upgrade production lines .

Mudede said on state television that Mugabe was re-elected with 1,685,212 votes against 1,258,758 votes for opposition challenger Morgan Tsvangirai .

So I had to , I was offered a job at Ashley Park or Berryhill and I chose Berryhill .

HARARE : Robert Mugabe has won Zimbabwe 's presidential election , Registrar General Tobaiwa Mudede announced on Wednesday .

KHARTOUM , Feb 13 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - Sudanese rebels have released a group of fishermen they had held for the last six months after charging that their boat belonged to the Sudanese government army , their employer said Wednesday .
	army-35	charging-26	-pobj-prep-ccomp	the-32 Sudanese-33 government-34 army-35 	charging-26 
Critics of the land reforms say the measures have also aggravated a food shortage in Zimbabwe that threatens to worsen because of drought .
	Critics-1	aggravated-11	-nsubj-ccomp	Critics-1 of-2 the-3 land-4 reforms-5 	aggravated-11 	measures-8	say-6	-nsubj-ccomp	the-7 measures-8 	say-6 
President Chavez thanked President Khatami for his telephone call and wished success for the Iranian government and nation .
	Chavez-2	thanked-3	-nsubj	President-1 Chavez-2 	thanked-3 
Paris , July 11 -LRB- CNA -RRB- -- Taiwan 's economy will become totally dependent on mainland China within the next few years , causing the island to lose control of its own political fate , a French weekly warned Thursday .
	weekly-39	warned-40	-vmod	a-37 French-38 weekly-39 	warned-40 	economy-11	warned-40	-dep-dep-vmod	Taiwan-9 's-10 economy-11 	warned-40 
Washington is still mulling a response to the election and `` continuing its conversations with allied nations about what the proper response should be to the fraudulent election in Zimbabwe , '' said Ari Fleischer , spokesman for US President George W. Bush .
	Bush-43	mulling-4	-pobj-prep-appos-nsubj-ccomp	US-39 President-40 George-41 W.-42 Bush-43 	is-2 still-3 mulling-4 a-5 response-6 
`` The election results ... do not reflect the true will of the people of Zimbabwe and are consequently illegitimate , '' he said .
	he-23	will-11	-nsubj-ccomp-conj-dobj	he-23 	true-10 will-11 
Narvaez explained that the FBI has requested information on this gang , which used false documents such as resident cards , licenses , social security numbers , and seals of the State of Texas Justice Department .

I sat there and I cried but I tried to be as understanding as possible because I knew my mother struggled really hard to even keep food on the table for us .
	I-5	knew-18	-nsubj-conj-conj-nsubj-nsubj-prep-pcomp-advcl	I-5 	knew-18 	I-17	understanding-13	-nsubj-advcl	I-17 	tried-9 to-10 be-11 as-12 understanding-13 	I-1	cried-6	-nsubj-conj	I-1 	cried-6 
Barring any reversal to the trend , the weekly quoted U.S. magazine Business Weekly as saying that Beijing might bring the island to its knees without firing one bullet .
	Weekly-14	saying-16	-prep-pcomp	U.S.-11 magazine-12 Business-13 Weekly-14 	saying-16 
But at a summit in Australia earlier this month ahead of the election , Commonwealth leaders postponed action against Harare over its defiant stance on the presence of certain international observers to monitor the voting .
	observers-31	stance-24	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep	certain-29 international-30 observers-31 	defiant-23 stance-24 	leaders-16	stance-24	-nsubj-prep-pobj-prep-pobj	the-12 election-13 ,-14 Commonwealth-15 leaders-16 	defiant-23 stance-24 
I do n't , just so I can work in the school I 'll be happy .

`` To some extent we have the sense that this is a halfway house , '' he said .
	he-17	said-18	-nsubj	he-17 	said-18 	extent-4	said-18	-pobj-prep-ccomp	some-3 extent-4 	said-18 
Tsvangirai was due to address the media after the meeting , around noon -LRB- 1000 GMT -RRB- .

`` Since our technical equipment is far from perfect , we perhaps seize even less than 10 per cent , '' Nazarov said in an interview with the Thursday edition of Nezavisimaya Gazeta .
	Nazarov-22	is-6	-nsubj-ccomp-advcl	Nazarov-22 	is-6 far-7 
Tsvangirai , who had been tipped to win a free and fair election , has said he would negotiate with a view to running a fresh election and `` restoring legitimacy '' but on Tuesday he ruled out any `` meaningful discussions '' unless Mugabe 's government cracked down on violence .

So she said , `` Little girl , little girl , if you do n't go in there and wash those dishes like I asked , you something really , really bad is going to happen to you .
	you-27	said-3	-nsubj-xcomp-advcl-conj-advcl	you-27 	said-3 	you-38	said-3	-pobj-prep-xcomp-ccomp-xcomp-advcl-conj-advcl	you-38 	said-3 
He also called the current restrictions for issuing visas for Iranian and other foreign nationals , temporary arrangements .

All of my sisters learned to cook by the age of eight .

The Citizen argues that Canada should `` insist '' the United States `` allow a ` competent tribunal ' to decide the legal status of the detainees , as required by the Geneva Convention .

Small groups of armed riot police moved into Harare townships loyal to Tsvangirai .

Even though my mom told us lot of scary stories she was always there to hold us in her arms and let us know that the story was not true and that it was we were OK .

The stock would be redeemed in five years , subject to terms of the surviving company 's debt .

Out of all of my sisters and brothers I was the laziest one of all , as far as working around the house .

The children and families who come to Pleasant Run are given the opportunity to become happy , loving , and productive members of our society .

Meanwhile , about 100 soldiers surrounded the offices of the opposition Movement in Bulawayo on Wednesday , a reporter said .

In the first 10 months of this year , it was 133m US dollars , which is almost double of the amount of last year when it was 71m US dollars .

The Sudanese government had always denied that the boat belonged to the army .
	government-3	denied-6	-nsubj	The-1 Sudanese-2 government-3 	had-4 always-5 denied-6 	boat-9	denied-6	-nsubj-ccomp	the-8 boat-9 	had-4 always-5 denied-6 
So they told me about some classes that I could take at Central Piedmont .

The decision , taken by a three-way panel of Howard and presidents Thabo Mbeki of South Africa and Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria , follows a damning report on the March 9-11 vote by Commonwealth observers .
	panel-8	taken-4	-pobj-prep	a-6 three-way-7 panel-8 of-9 Howard-10 and-11 presidents-12 Thabo-13 Mbeki-14 of-15 South-16 Africa-17 and-18 Olusegun-19 Obasanjo-20 of-21 Nigeria-22 	The-1 decision-2 ,-3 taken-4 
Japan calculated that it would suffer a tremendous loss , if the draft regulations were ever passed intact and would be adopted as a legal document .
	it-4	calculated-2	-nsubj-ccomp	it-4 	calculated-2 
`` Argentina is a valued ally and friend , and the United States is monitoring developments in Argentina .

Additionally , Crossland reported a third-quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago .

I had another sister who went to Gaston College where she got a business degree there .

The Bush administration was closely monitoring the situation in Argentina where escalating economic crisis led to a wave of bloody street violence and looting , the White House said on Thursday .

The suspension validates `` our own refusal to accept the result as legitimate , '' said Welshman Ncube , secretary general for Tsvangirai 's opposition Movement for Democratic Change .
	Ncube-18	opposition-25	-appos-prep-pobj-nn	Welshman-17 Ncube-18 	opposition-25 	our-5	said-16	-poss-dobj-ccomp	our-5 own-6 	said-16 
He was also safeguarding 9 illegal aliens , among them one of Indian origin .

I just got to a certain age and I said , `` No I ca n't do this anymore , '' so I never went back .
	I-1	said-10	-nsubj-conj-dep	I-1 	said-10 
If I could just work , even as a teacher assistant I would be happy .

They welcome the chance to belong , to become self - sufficient , to regain their self-esteem and confidence .

Saul Medina was arrested in Matamoros and had 14 stolen vehicles in his possession .

They were evacuated to Jerusalem 's Hadassah-En Kerem Hospital .

For others , `` families '' are the counselors are housemates at the group homes where they live .

During our young years we were very poor .

The Nouvel Observateur said that Beijing is unlikely to annex Taiwan by force , despite its deployment of missiles along its coastal provinces opposite Taiwan , but is instead resorting to smarter tactics , bringing the Taiwan authorities to heel through Taiwan businessmen who are eager to explore the mainland Chinese market .
	Observateur-3	unlikely-8	-nsubj-ccomp	The-1 Nouvel-2 Observateur-3 	unlikely-8 to-9 
So she began to tell this story .

Aziz will stay in Japan around five days and meet with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa , the government officials said .

Accordingly , Japan would never readily agree on putting the `` Kyoto Protocol '' into force .

To do all these things , it needs a tremendous amount of money for investment .

In the Citizen , columnist Rosa Harris-Adler wrote a devastatingly sarcastic piece , ridiculing Mr. Tobin 's assertion that he was leaving for family reasons .
	Tobin-16	ridiculing-14	-poss-dobj	Mr.-15 Tobin-16 's-17 	ridiculing-14 	he-20	assertion-18	-nsubj-ccomp-dobj	he-20 	assertion-18 	Harris-Adler-7	wrote-8	-nsubj	columnist-5 Rosa-6 Harris-Adler-7 	wrote-8 	Citizen-3	ridiculing-14	-pobj-prep-vmod	the-2 Citizen-3 	ridiculing-14 
We know that children do better when they have a network of caring adults to nurture and motivate them .

Older kids , like Tracy and Kerry , left homeless after a recent murder-suicide in Indianapolis claimed Mom and Dad .

Onufrienko will remain on board until May , along with astronauts Daniel Bursch and Carl Walz .

Just anything to get out of doing my job .

Another factor which might deter Beijing 's military adventurism in the Taiwan Strait is Washington 's `` readiness to fight Beijing for Taiwan , '' which will bear witness to Washington 's determination to remain a power in Asia , according to the magazine .
	Washington-31	determination-33	-poss	Washington-31 	determination-33 	Washington-15	readiness-18	-poss	Washington-15 	readiness-18 to-19 fight-20 
We are concerned about the events , '' White House spokesman Ari Fleischer told reporters at a regular news briefing .
	Fleischer-13	concerned-3	-nsubj-ccomp	White-9 House-10 spokesman-11 Ari-12 Fleischer-13 	are-2 concerned-3 
But observers from South Africa , Namibia and Nigeria all said Mugabe 's re-election was legitimate .
	observers-2	said-11	-nsubj	observers-2 from-3 South-4 Africa-5 ,-6 Namibia-7 and-8 Nigeria-9 all-10 	said-11 	re-election-14	said-11	-nsubj-ccomp	Mugabe-12 's-13 re-election-14 	said-11 
He is expected to give Koizumi Musharraf 's letter implicitly asking for Japan 's debt relief for Pakistan .

The session of the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change held this time was to reach on an actual agreement regarding regulatory problems that have to be solved to put the `` Kyoto Protocol '' adopted in 1997 into force , so that the world may reduce the greenhouse effect and ecological damage , which are becoming more serious with each passing day , protect human lives and health , and provide favorable conditions for the promotion of human civilization .

The report concluded the poll had been marred by violence , intimidation and suspect electoral practices designed to benefit Mugabe , a conclusion also reached by the Zimbabwean opposition and much of the West .
	report-2	conclusion-23	-nsubj-ccomp-prep-pobj-appos-conj	The-1 report-2 	conclusion-23 also-24 reached-25 	and-30	concluded-3	-cc-appos-pobj-prep-ccomp	the-27 Zimbabwean-28 opposition-29 and-30 much-31 of-32 the-33 West-34 	concluded-3 	a-22	concluded-3	-det-conj-appos-pobj-prep-ccomp	a-22 	concluded-3 
Nagoya , Feb. 15 Kyodo -- Romanian President Ion Iliescu toured a Toyota Motor Corp. plant in Toyota , Aichi Prefecture , on Friday , the last day of his four-day stay in Japan .

`` We do not have special devices for inspecting large automobiles and cargoes , '' Nazarov said , adding that his service does not have enough communications equipment , either .

At first I did n't want to apply for it , but the principal called me during the summer months and said , `` Sandra the time is running out , you need to apply .
	principal-14	want-6	-nsubj-conj	the-13 principal-14 	did-4 n't-5 want-6 
By the time Culbertson and his Russian crew mates , Mikhail Tyurin and Vladimir Dezhurov , return to Earth in another week , they will have spent 128 days in space .

Several hundred Mugabe supporters danced in celebration and carried mock coffins for Tsvangirai in two Harare townships .

Over 150 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister .

The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position .

The MDC said dozens of heavily armed soldiers had surrounded its office in the second city of Bulawayo .

Separately , Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars -LRB- $ 4 million -RRB- , or 12 Canadian cents a share , for the fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. .

Dresdner Bank said it will also buy all shares tendered by shareholders on the Paris Stock Exchange at the same price from today through Nov. .

The US authorities began to investigate this gang 's activities and its possible connection with the 11 September terrorist attacks , after the arrest of a group of Brazilians and another group of Iranians in Texas in October .

What Japan is doing with respect to the issue of putting the `` Kyoto Protocol '' into force is tantamount to an act of betrayal against mankind in the effort to protect human lives , health , and the earth 's atmosphere .

He says that Mr. Tobin walked on too many toes , and made too many enemies in Ottawa .
	that-3	says-2	-mark-ccomp	that-3 Mr.-4 Tobin-5 	says-2 	He-1	made-13	-nsubj-ccomp-conj	He-1 	made-13 
In an editorial appearing this week , the newspaper is unequivocal in its U.S. support .

The plant produces 14,000 units monthly of Toyota 's Crown and other luxury cars , as well as hybrid electric-gasoline autos including the Prius .

Most international observer groups have condemned the conduct of the poll , as have many Western governments , notably Britain and the United States .
	Britain-20	condemned-6	-dep-dobj-advcl	Britain-20 and-21 the-22 United-23 States-24 	have-5 condemned-6 
Under terms of the new proposal , Equus , managed by Equus Capital Corp. .

Revenue rose 15 % to $ 534.3 million from $ 464.7 million .

`` This issue will be revisited in 12 months ' time , '' he said .

`` The Russians have just concluded contracts for the export of four similar reactors , two each to China and India , '' Chirica told daily Ziarul Financiar on Thursday -LRB- 28 February -RRB- .

Democratic Party is to be represented in the commission by 2 members , Jemin Gjana and Sokol Olldashi , whereas New democratic Party will be represented by Nard Ndoka .

Tsvangirai , along with local and international observers , have cited widespread abuses in the electoral process .
	Tsvangirai-1	cited-11	-nsubj	Tsvangirai-1 ,-2 along-3 with-4 local-5 and-6 international-7 observers-8 	have-10 cited-11 widespread-12 
Net interest income for the third quarter declined to $ 35.6 million from $ 70.1 million a year ago .

He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance .

He said the former guerilla won his fifth term as leader after taking 1,685,212 votes against 1,258,401 for Tsvangirai .

Young adults , like Mary T. , a jobless mother of three , trying desperately to keep her kids out of trouble in a crime-ridden neighborhood .

Medina , who was arrested in the Mexican city of Matamoros off the Gulf of Mexico and which borders Brownsville -LRB- Texas , mid-south -RRB- , is being investigated by the US Federal Bureau of Investigation -LRB- FBI -RRB- and Guillermo Narvaez , Tamaulipas Ministerial Police Chief of Police , confirmed .

Beijing , November 12 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Many Chinese farmers have begun growing crops in computer-controlled rooms instead of tilling fields with spades .

The suspension came just after Switzerland said it was slapping sanctions on the southern African country , including a freeze on financial assets which might be held by government officials in Swiss banks .
	officials-30	said-7	-pobj-prep-nsubjpass-ref-pobj-prep-ccomp	government-29 officials-30 in-31 Swiss-32 banks-33 	said-7 
Little ones , like Baby Jessica , caught in the struggle between adoptive and birth parents .

Yes , my brother went to school .

Sources in Bethlehem reported that the IDF has occupied the Palace Hotel at the outskirts of the Church of the Nativity compound .

At that time my dad was in prison at the time , so it made it really hard for my mom .

The Foreign Ministry said that the State Department pronouncement on Chechnya reflected the efforts of `` certain circles '' in the United States that object to the new U.S.-Russian partnership against international terrorism .
	States-23	said-4	-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-dobj-ccomp	the-21 United-22 States-23 	said-4 
A few years later , um , I had the opportunity to apply for a scholarship to further my education .

But I love what I do and , uh , anytime I get a chance to teach in a classroom I go for it so .
	I-5	love-3	-nsubj-ccomp	I-5 	love-3 	I-2	get-13	-nsubj-conj-ccomp	I-2 	get-13 a-14 chance-15 
However , U.S. officials also note that some of the rebels do not have international ties , and they have criticized Russian military and police abuse of civilians -- although the criticism was toned down greatly after Russia became an enthusiastic member of the anti-terrorist coalition , sharing intelligence information , opening its airspace to humanitarian flights and giving a green light to U.S. military deployment in Central Asia .
	officials-4	an-40	-nsubj-ccomp-conj-advcl-xcomp-det	U.S.-3 officials-4 	an-40 enthusiastic-41 	they-19	criticized-21	-nsubj	they-19 	have-20 criticized-21 
Tashkent , 14 November : Japanese investment in Uzbekistan in the last 10 years reached 1.3 bn US dollars , Uzbek President Islam Karimov said in a meeting with Japanese lawmakers in Tashkent on Wednesday -LRB- 14 November -RRB- .

According to Russian specialists , the VVER-1000 type of reactor would cost some $ 800 million to commission , while Western technology , equipment , and services would cost Romania more than $ 1 billion .

One of the coffins was draped in the US flag .

It would n't identify the bankers .

The space station 's new residents also packed some personal items , reflecting their hobbies .

United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan , the European high representative for the common foreign and security policy -LRB- CFSP -RRB- , Javier Solana , and the foreign ministers of Spain and Russia , Josep Pique and Igor Ivanov , on Wednesday called on Israel to `` withdraw immediately '' from all Palestinian areas that have recently been occupied and collectively expressed their full support to the Middle East mission US Secretary of State Colin Powell is going to undertake .
	Annan-5	support-64	-nsubj-conj-dobj	United-1 Nations-2 Secretary-General-3 Kofi-4 Annan-5 ,-6 the-7 European-8 high-9 representative-10 for-11 the-12 common-13 foreign-14 and-15 security-16 policy-17 -LRB--18 CFSP-19 -RRB--20 ,-21 Javier-22 Solana-23 ,-24 and-25 the-26 foreign-27 ministers-28 of-29 Spain-30 and-31 Russia-32 	full-63 support-64 	their-62	support-64	-poss	their-62 	full-63 support-64 
The Kyoto Protocol , which was signed four years ago , provides for a 5.2 % reduction in the emission of polluting gases by industrial states in 2008-2012 , compared with the 1990 level .

I was really afraid .
	I-1	was-2	-nsubj-cop	I-1 	was-2 
In 1995 we will serve over 850 children and 340 families .

I , in later years , I went on to college some but I did n't complete the , uh , whole four years .

Now that knife , when I went to sleep it really scared me .

The two presidents expressed a mutual desire to meet in the near future .
	a-5	desire-7	-det	a-5 	mutual-6 desire-7 	expressed-4	desire-7	-dobj	The-1 two-2 presidents-3 expressed-4 	a-5 mutual-6 desire-7 
The Funding sources are shrinking , but the needs grow explosively .

Um , my dream , my prayers were answered .
	my-6	prayers-7	-poss	my-6 	prayers-7 	answered-9	dream-4	-nsubjpass-appos	answered-9 	dream-4 
As I told you , in the past we were a very poor family and I never got the chance to go to college because of this .

Socialist Party will be represented in the commission by five members : Bashkim Fino , Ylli Bufi , Taulant Dedja , Blendi Klosi , and Durim Hushi .

Other parliamentarian parties will have their representatives as well .

A deep split appeared between Western nations and African countries monitoring the vote , who closed ranks behind Mugabe , calling the election legitimate .
	nations-7	calling-21	-pobj-prep-xcomp-dobj-ref-nsubj-vmod	Western-6 nations-7 and-8 African-9 countries-10 	calling-21 	closed-16	calling-21	-vmod	who-15 closed-16 ranks-17 behind-18 Mugabe-19 ,-20 	calling-21 
I learned after I got married so I was a pretty lazy child when it came down to cleaning up and cooking .

The statement did not indicate the exact number of the freed fishermen but an official of the company said they were originally 11 in number .

`` Day One : Brian decides it 's finally time to learn how to diaper the baby .

It was Argentina 's worst unrest in a decade .

Thank you .

Romania has built the first reactor at the Cernavoda n-plant on Canadian technology , having opted for a CANDU type of reactor instead of Russia 's VVER-4000 .
	Russia-25	opted-16		Russia-25 	having-15 opted-16 
The Palestinians also reported that the IDF has entered the village of Ubaydiyah east of Bethlehem and is conducting searches and arrests there .

During a telephone conversation , President Khatami told his Venezuelan counterpart , President Hugo Chavex , that the return of the legitimate president and government to power was a victory of justice and freedom .
	Khatami-7	told-8	-nsubj	President-6 Khatami-7 	told-8 
In discussing the draft regulations to put the `` Kyoto Protocol '' into force , Japan openly took issue with the draft regulations only because the contents of the regulations were not in its favor .

Third-quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago .

Tehran , April 20 , IRNA -- President Mohammad Khatami on Friday evening congratulated the Venezuelan government and nation for the victory and restoration of the legitimate government of President Hugo Chavez after a failed military coup in that country .
	Khatami-10	congratulated-14	-nsubj	President-8 Mohammad-9 Khatami-10 	congratulated-14 	government-17	congratulated-14	-dobj	the-15 Venezuelan-16 government-17 and-18 nation-19 	congratulated-14 
And they hired a sub but the sub did n't do that much .

It 's always been my dream that my children all go to school .
	my-5	It-1	-poss-nsubjpass	my-5 	It-1 	It-1	dream-6	-nsubjpass	It-1 	dream-6 
The charges were partly offset by a $ 2 million gain on the sale of investments of two joint ventures , he said .

That was a hint that it would not be good for Japan to play a leading role in dealing with a matter detrimental to US interests .

Once upon a time there was this little girl and her family .

The Iranian president also expressed the hope that with the return of President Chavez the Venezuelan government would be able to achieve its exalted objectives with the support of the people .

Meanwhile , the Sudanese charge d'affaires to Washington , Ambassador Al-Khidr Harun , told Suna that the American delegation will meet with Sudanese political forces to identify viewpoints on the peace issue .
	Washington-8	identify-27	-dep-pobj-prep-dep-ccomp-xcomp	Washington-8 	identify-27 viewpoints-28 	Harun-12	identify-27	-pobj-prep-dep-ccomp-xcomp	Ambassador-10 Al-Khidr-11 Harun-12 	identify-27 viewpoints-28 
My leg hurts , my head hurts .

From the governing coalition `` Alliance for State '' , the Social Democratic Party -LRB- SDP -RRB- will be represented in the commission by Gaqo Apostoli , Human Rights Union Party -LRB- PBDNj -RRB- by Ligoraq Karamelo , and the Agrarian Party by Ndue Preka .

Big Sisters helps bridge that gap by providing children with the resources they need -- Big Sisters volunteers .

to stock of record Nov. .

Information Minister Jonathan Moyo said the result was a blow to British Prime Minister Tony Blair whom Mugabe accuses of sponsoring Tsvangirai .
	Tsvangirai-22	sponsoring-21	-dobj	Tsvangirai-22 	accuses-19 of-20 sponsoring-21 
Two State Department officials said Washington aimed to impose financial restrictions against any assets in the US held by Mugabe and senior members of his government but could not say when they would take effect .
	officials-4	aimed-7	-rcmod-dobj-vmod	Two-1 State-2 Department-3 officials-4 	aimed-7 	Washington-6	held-18	-dobj-rcmod-nsubj	Washington-6 	held-18 by-19 	members-23	aimed-7	-conj-pobj-prep-nsubj-rcmod-dobj-vmod	senior-22 members-23 of-24 his-25 government-26 	aimed-7 
The latest killing of a white farmer , Terry Ford , came just a day after Mugabe 's inauguration .

As is feared by the whole world , preservation of the environment is becoming an awfully grave and pressing problem that is linked to the existence of mankind .
	world-7	by-4	-pobj	the-5 whole-6 world-7 	is-2 feared-3 by-4 	As-1	feared-3	-mark	As-1 	is-2 feared-3 
I do n't want to .

And the mother asked the little girl to please go in and wash the dishes so that she could go to bed early and not come up , wake up in the morning and see all those dishes on the table .

In a first step , Dresdner Bank will buy 32.99 % of BIP for 1,015 French francs -LRB- $ 162 -RRB- a share , or 528 million francs -LRB- $ 84.7 million -RRB- .

Um , I remember once , when I was working in a mill , and I was spinning yarn , and I was saying to myself , and , I was praying actually , and I said , `` God , one day I want to work in the school system .
	I-44	saying-24	-nsubj-nsubj-nsubj-xcomp-advcl-conj-conj	I-44 	saying-24 	I-3	saying-24	-nsubj-parataxis-nsubj-nsubj-nsubj-nsubj-advcl-conj-conj	I-3 	saying-24 	I-36	want-45	-nsubj-conj-conj-advcl	I-36 	want-45 	I-22	want-45	-nsubj-conj-conj-advcl	I-22 	want-45 
There are thousands more .

About $ 518 million of debt is affected .

It 's the perfect time to make a world of difference .

Your gift will give children and families hope for improved tomorrows .

No one , however , is giving a hearty thumbs up to Mr. Tobin .
	one-2	giving-7	-nsubj	No-1 one-2 	giving-7 a-8 hearty-9 thumbs-10 up-11 to-12 
Never doing anything unprofitable is the nature of Japan .

His main rival Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- had 1,185,890 votes , or 38 per cent of the votes cast .

I said , `` I would love to .
	I-5	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	I-5 	said-2 
Iran , Sunday last week , sent congratulations to Venezuela on hearing of the return of the rule of law and reinstatement of the legitimate government of President Chavez after the two-day military collapsed .
	Iran-1	reinstatement-22	-nsubj-prep-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-pobj-prep-pobj-conj	Iran-1 	reinstatement-22 
Pleasant Run Children 's Homes began serving children nearly 130 years ago .

at 1,015 francs a share .

Now after that , my mother continued to tell us many , many scary stories and tell us many , many , many poems .

The opposition leader said his Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- would not accept the result .

You can make an impact by supporting Big Sisters Annual Campaign and our $ 200,000 goal .

However , as was revealed this time , Japan , which was in a position to take the lead to solve the environmental problems , attempted to back away from solving the problems .

They apply fertilizer , water fields and treat insect pest with equipment controlled by computers in intelligent farm workshops .

According the `` Kyoto Protocol , '' developed countries are supposed to set goals to reduce greenhouse gases emission and officially put the `` Kyoto Protocol '' into force by the year 2002 .

With some effort , he pins the flailing child down on the changing table only to discover there are no diapers in the house .

More than 150 agro-technological guiding systems have been set up in Yunnan , Anhui , Jilin and Hainan provinces to teach farmers how to cultivate grain crops , vegetables , fruit and aquatic products .

Nonetheless , Japan is backing away from resolving the issue , although it is in a position to play a leading role .

The new residents ' form-fitting seat liners for the lifeboat had to be carried over and installed , and their space suits tucked away , before they could call space station Alpha home .

Given the stake at play , namely electricity exports , other countries have also voiced interest in contributing to the finalization of works on reactor III and IV at Cernavoda .
	countries-12	finalization-21	-nsubj-prep-pcomp-prep-pobj	other-11 countries-12 	finalization-21 	exports-9	voiced-15	-dep-pobj-prep-pobj-prep	exports-9 	have-13 also-14 voiced-15 interest-16 
The State Department 's annual human rights report , which was published Monday , said Russia had a poor record regarding the independence and freedom of the media and in Chechnya .
	report-8	said-15	-nsubj	The-1 State-2 Department-3 's-4 annual-5 human-6 rights-7 report-8 	said-15 
I really do n't , I do n't remember why that school was ever closed but it was .

In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share .

So after she noticed that I was going to be just a little stubborn and not follow , do what she tell told me to do , she asked me to come around in the living room with her and the rest of the family .
	she-3	noticed-4	-nsubj	she-3 	noticed-4 	she-21	noticed-4	-nsubj-dobj-nsubj-ccomp-advcl-ccomp-dep	she-21 	noticed-4 
He explained that the delegation 's visit to Sudan aims to prepare for the coming visit of the American envoy to Sudan , expected on 10 November .

If Japan is to achieve this goal , it will have to put a lot of effort .
	Japan-2	If-1	-nsubj-mark	Japan-2 	If-1 	this-6	goal-7	-det	this-6 	goal-7 
The Foreign Ministry said Thursday that it was `` surprised , to put it mildly '' by the U.S. State Department 's criticism of Russia 's human rights record and objected in particular to the `` odious '' section on Chechnya .
	Department-21	criticism-23	-poss	the-18 U.S.-19 State-20 Department-21 	criticism-23 of-24 
Often it is a long , hard struggle , but the results are well worth it .

The three men arrived aboard space shuttle Endeavour the day before , but did not have time to trade places with the space station crew that has been on board since August .

A spokesman for the Stamford , Conn. based company said operations had a loss of $ 5.5 million for the quarter ; in addition , the loss was magnified by nonrecurring charges totaling $ 23.5 million and $ 8.2 million in asset-valuation adjustments that he described as `` unusual .
	spokesman-2	described-46	-nsubj-parataxis-prep-pobj-vmod-ccomp	A-1 spokesman-2 	described-46 	he-45	unusual-49	-nsubj-prep-pobj	he-45 	unusual-49 	unusual-49	described-46	-pobj-prep	unusual-49 	described-46 
If I 'm not mistaken I think I 've been at Berryhill for I think 17 years , 17 , 18 years I 've been here at Berryhill so and I hope I never have to leave until I retire .
	I-6	hope-32	-nsubj-ccomp-advcl-conj	I-6 	hope-32 	I-31	mistaken-5	-nsubj-conj-advcl	I-31 	mistaken-5 	I-33	hope-32	-nsubj-ccomp	I-33 	hope-32 	I-2	hope-32	-nsubjpass-advcl-conj	I-2 	hope-32 	I-23	think-7	-nsubj-advcl-ccomp	I-23 	think-7 
So the little girl just said , `` OK I 'll go in there and wash the dishes .
	the-2	So-1	-det-nsubj-cc	the-2 little-3 	So-1 
The approval , which had been expected , permits West Germany 's second-largest bank to acquire shares of the French investment bank .

At present , the global warming is a most serious issue , whose gravity is second only to that of a nuclear war .

Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully reach their potential , experience life 's opportunities and perhaps begin to dream .

President Rob-ert Mugabe swept back to power in Zimbabwe yesterday after an election fiercely condemned by local monitors , the opposition and the West but praised by African nations .
	monitors-18	praised-26	-pobj-prep-conj	local-17 monitors-18 ,-19 the-20 opposition-21 and-22 the-23 West-24 	praised-26 
`` These circles have persistently tried to reanimate the ` Chechen problem , ' and turn it again into an irritant in the Russian-American dialogue , '' the ministry said .

In 1996 , these figures will triple .

Previously , it offered $ 13.65 a share in cash , or $ 29 million .

Once emptied , it will be filled with dirty laundry , trash and used equipment and put back on Endeavour for the ride home .

