The question foremost in the minds of most Zimbabweans is whether attempts to rig the election through voter intimidation , last - minute election-law changes , and outright fraud have succeeded .

If a deadlock in negotiations occurs , the parties can ask the UN Claims Commission as a neutral party to act as adjudicator .

The company had a tax credit of $ 1.4 million .

Mugabe has faced widespread criticism and sanctions from the European Union and the United States over alleged rights violations and manipulation of the election process .

Fortunately shrapnel from the former space station , which measured 33 x 30 x 27 metres and weighed 137 tonnes , burned up as it re-entered the earth 's atmosphere somewhere over the Pacific Ocean between Chile and Australia .

However , the foundation warned that the number of pirate attacks , in the new form of sea jacking ships for ransom , has been increasing .
	number-8	warned-5	-nsubj-ccomp	the-7 number-8 of-9 pirate-10 attacks-11 	warned-5 
Observers say that could produce long voting lines and discourage some Tsvangirai supporters from casting ballots .

He refused , but sent her to talk to the election officers - both of whom represented the ruling ZANU-PF party .

That was my bed , '' says Janet , a Harare secretary , who waited for more than 27 hours at a polling station in the impoverished Harare suburb of Kuwadzana .

The minister went on to say that although mainland China is squeezing Taiwan 's development space in the world community with its huge resources and strong diplomacy , the ROC can still break through its difficulties as long as it implements democracy and obtains the support of overseas Chinese communities .

Terrorism will not be absent from such a country and , in the process , Israel will lose the right to count itself among the world 's democracies .

By supporting Sharon 's irresponsible saber rattling , Washington places strains on its relations with the Arab countries and needlessly puts off a settlement , in which it must some day play the role of midwife .

About 4,000 Castro supporters -- workers , students , housewives and retirees -- gathered on the streetcorner where the Cuban leader declared the country socialist in a speech on the eve of the April 17 , 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion by an American-trained exile army .

The government slashed the number of polling stations in urban areas where the MDC is favored , while boosting the number in rural ruling-party strongholds .
	MDC-14	favored-16	-nsubjpass	the-13 MDC-14 	is-15 favored-16 
The main convention is the UN Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects , 28 March 1972 , known as the 1972 Liability Convention .

Parents act as role models of self-sufficiency instead of dependency .

Because of the misguided policies of Argentina 's politicians , Argentina is in a state of stagnation for a fourth consecutive years .

With the help of friends like you , Goodwill has continued to adapt our services to meet the human needs of our changing society .

The money will mainly be used for the construction of 27 key projects in the fields of water conservancy , energy , transportation and environmental protection .

last June .

The suffering of these particular prisoners is , indeed , particularly great .

HARARE , Zimbabwe : A defiant President Robert Mugabe said his party had lost ground to the opposition through complacency , but would win this weekend 's presidential elections anyway , state radio reported on Tuesday .

Also , advanced nations are likely to make use of the standards as a new trade barrier .

But in conversation with Kompas on Sunday -LRB- 17 Mar -RRB- , one of Indonesia 's few space law experts , Prof Dr Priyatna Abdurrasyid , expressed a different opinion .

It takes a long time for him to gain the self-confidence to work elsewhere in the community .

Tax dollars that would have been spent on public assistance are saved .

The memory Russia 's Mir space station which after 15 years fell to earth on 23 March 2001 is still fresh of .

State Department officials this week accused Mugabe 's government of numerous human rights violations during the election campaign , an allegation vehemently denied by ZANU-PF officials .
	Mugabe-7	accused-6	-poss-dobj	Mugabe-7 	accused-6 
The ingredients for a decision are in large measure in place if they would only be admitted by the two sides .

This is positive proof that Big Sisters one-to-one mentoring program helps change lives .

But in her heart , the 38-year-old widow supports the opposition and keeps a Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- membership card hidden in a cooking pot .
	opposition-11	supports-9	-dobj	the-10 opposition-11 	supports-9 
This money maintains the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships .

Ecolo and Agalev -LRB- ecologist parties -RRB- are asking for the ending of the bombing of Afghanistan .

Unless measures that comply with the Kyoto Protocol are mapped out early , the nation 's competitiveness in manufacturing sectors will weaken soon .

Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .

Executive secretary of the Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- Prega Ramsamy and the United States Agency for International Development -LRB- USAID -RRB- on Monday signed dollar-based agreements to up American aid to SADC in three areas .

The Kyoto Protocol was made by members of the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change at its seventh session held in Marrakech , Morocco at the start of the month .

In a television interview broadcast the other day , Didymus Mutasa , a spokesman for Mugabe 's ruling ZANU-PF party , said that he and other veterans of the country 's independence war found the prospect of a Tsvangirai government intolerable .

Sales rose 8 % to $ 368.5 million from $ 340.7 million .

Cardoso spoke of opening communication channels and achieving social harmony .

`` We are confident the framework will be ready for Chinese and ASEAN leaders to finalize at their November summit , '' said a senior official with the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Co-operation -LRB- MOFTEC -RRB- .
	framework-6	confident-4	-nsubj-ccomp	the-5 framework-6 	are-3 confident-4 
`` We learned of the attacks with great shock and sorrow , '' the ministers said .
	attacks-6	shock-9	-pobj-prep-prep-pobj	the-5 attacks-6 	shock-9 and-10 sorrow-11 
Its other provisions include the overhaul and construction of new plants for making fuel elements and the overhaul of `` wet '' nuclear waste storage facilities .

Even as voters went to the polls over the weekend , the intimidation and attempts at rigging continued .

Anyway , now in addition to the IMF , the US government , as the biggest investor in Argentina 's economy , is ignoring its commitments in the current situation .
	commitments-26	ignoring-24	-dobj	its-25 commitments-26 in-27 the-28 current-29 situation-30 	ignoring-24 
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior , or the choices she makes , can affect her future .

In particular , Japan and European countries are likely to persuade developing countries including South Korea to take part in the reduction of greenhouse gases earlier than planned in an attempt to secure the United States ' ratification of the protocol .
	countries-13	persuade-11	-dobj	developing-12 countries-13 including-14 South-15 Korea-16 to-17 take-18 part-19 in-20 the-21 reduction-22 of-23 greenhouse-24 gases-25 	persuade-11 
These UN Conventions are the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies 1967 -LRB- Space Treaty 1967 -RRB- , the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects 1972 -LRB- Liability Convention 1972 -RRB- , and finally , the Convention on Registration of Objections launched into Outer Space 1974 -LRB- Registration Convention 1974 -RRB- .

The framework is expected to cover a wide range of areas of co-operation in goods , services and investment .
	framework-2	expected-4	-nsubjpass	The-1 framework-2 	is-3 expected-4 
A roundtable discussion will also take place .

He emphasized the importance of bilateral cooperation between the two continents in dealing with environmental issues , noting that this meeting will serve as a foundation for Asia and Europe 's future cooperation .
	dealing-13	noting-18	-dep	bilateral-6 cooperation-7 between-8 the-9 two-10 continents-11 in-12 dealing-13 with-14 environmental-15 issues-16 	noting-18 
The 14 members of SADC are : Angola , Botswana , Democratic Congo , Lesotho , Malawi , Mauritius , Mozambique , Namibia , Seychelles , South Africa , Swaziland , Tanzania , Zambia , Zimbabwe .

It recently bowed to international pressure to grant the Taliban prisoners the status of prisoner of war but still refused to cover al Qaeda prisoners with the same treatment .
	grant-8	bowed-3	-xcomp	international-5 pressure-6 to-7 grant-8 the-9 Taliban-10 prisoners-11 the-12 status-13 of-14 prisoner-15 of-16 war-17 	bowed-3 	cover-22	refused-20	-xcomp	to-21 cover-22 al-23 Qaeda-24 prisoners-25 with-26 the-27 same-28 treatment-29 	refused-20 
An increasing number of local election monitors and international observers say the vote rigging has been so thorough that hopes for a free election are dead .
	election-24	hopes-20	-pobj-prep	a-22 free-23 election-24 	hopes-20 
What is clear is that Argentina 's paralyzed economy was unable to tolerate the government 's hardline policies , which finally resulted in the situation that we are witnessing today .
	policies-18	tolerate-13	-dobj	the-14 government-15 's-16 hardline-17 policies-18 	tolerate-13 
A National Space and Flight Agency working paper suggest a high degree of difficulty if Indonesia , as a state that has suffered damage , were to lodge a damages claim .

Even though South Korea declared its intention to discuss its duty to cut down greenhouse gases from 2018 , there is little possibility that advanced nations will wait until then .

The IMF has not managed to help Argentina through its current crisis - it has a 132 billion dollar debt to foreign banks and is in its third successive year of recession .

At the same time , the average tariff rate on 3,470 industrial items would be slashed to 4.2 percent eventually from the current 6.0 percent , he added .

KINSHASA , July 14 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - Some 60 representatives of civil society , parties , rebel groups and government in the Democratic Republic of Congo -LRB- DRC -RRB- are to take part in preparatory talks on reviving political dialogue in the vast country next month , an official said Saturday .

Crouched in their cages in Cuba , they must know that back in Afghanistan TVs are glowing , Bollywood is bellowing , men are shaving , women unveiling and sending their daughters to school .

Some $ 76 billion of the $ 132 billion debt is accounted for by foreign loans , which were lavished on Argentina .

Many arrived at overburdened polling stations in the early hours of the morning and waited in the hot sun for the entire day without food .

Today Big Sisters serves over 1,000 girls in central Indiana .

Norton announced earlier this month that it was exploring the possible sale of all or part of Eastman Christensen .

These people and their successes are real .

Government officials last month charged Tsvangirai and two other officials of his party with high treason for allegedly plotting to assassinate Mugabe .

`` The problems of human rights and good governance are mirrored in their countries , '' Biti said .

The government this week imposed a restriction on movement of capitals abroad , limiting the sum to 1,000 USD per person .

Nevertheless , in his subsequent remarks , Bush encouraged Sharon to continue .
	Sharon-10	encouraged-9	-dobj	Sharon-10 	encouraged-9 
The last few months have demonstrated that , on the contrary , they have become an extraordinary burden .

So those poor bullet-scarred statues made everyone look sad and foolish , and their final immolation a year ago put them out of their misery , so to speak .

During the past several years , pirate attacks have shifted from a `` syndicated '' crime of attacking large cargo ships to a minor crime of theft or robbery .

The sources argued that it was against the rules of the prison because the turban could be used to conceal a weapon .
	it-5	argued-3	-nsubj-ccomp	it-5 	argued-3 
Castro considers Chavez a friend and his closest political ally in the region , and their close ties have rankled the United States .
	Chavez-3	considers-2	-dobj	Chavez-3 	considers-2 	ties-18	considers-2	-nsubj-conj	their-16 close-17 ties-18 	considers-2 	States-23	rankled-20	-dobj	the-21 United-22 States-23 	have-19 rankled-20 
The U.S. backed out of the agreement , saying its industries would be handicapped by stringent rules that developing countries could simply ignore .
	countries-20	backed-3	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj-vmod	developing-19 countries-20 	backed-3 out-4 of-5 
Denmark 's Foreign Minister Per Stig Moeller said his government will cut aid to Zimbabwe and likely shut down its embassy in Harare .

It is sufficient at law to demonstrate the fact of the damage caused as a result of the space object identified as belonging to the launching state or a state that has participated in the space object launching .

Public dissatisfaction and an increase in the people 's anger in this country have finally resulted in the collapse of Fernando Delaroe 's government following several days of protest .

In New York Stock Exchange trading Friday , Conseco closed at $ 19.50 , down 25 cents .

In their December , 1995 review of the nation 's best charities , U.S. News & World Report called Goodwill one of the five `` Standout Good Guys .

Hanoi , Feb. 9 -LRB- VNA -RRB- -- Vietnam and the United States will organize a scientific conference on human health and the environmental effects of Agent Orange\ in Hanoi 's Daewoo Hotel from Mar. 3-6 .

Notwithstanding the above , in reality only three of the 15 launch pad centres worldwide are located near the Equator - Kourou , San Marco and Sriharikota .

As Zimbabweans go to the polls this weekend to re-elect or oust Robert Mugabe , the only leader the country has ever known , the question of who will win the election seems almost secondary to how the loser and his followers will respond .

According to the National Institute of Environment and Health Sciences -LRB- NIEHS -RRB- of the US , the conference will offer scientists worldwide opportunities to exchange scientific information on the effects of Agent Orange\ on human health and the environment and discuss measures to reduce the hazards of this toxic chemical .

Unfortunately , historical precedent shows that claiming compensation is no easy matter .

`` This is not a fair election , '' he says .
	This-2	says-11	-nsubj-ccomp	This-2 	says-11 
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .

They wear the T-shirts and go to the rallies , but inside , they do n't believe , '' she says .

This is the issue we would want our African brothers to have understood , '' he said .
	issue-4	want-7	-rcmod	the-3 issue-4 	would-6 want-7 
It would suffice to submit a claim to the UN Claims Commission and state that the space debris in Indonesia had originated from the Australian space center .

The GIO added that Taiwan 's accomplishment in democratization is the `` best role model '' for mainland China 's progress toward democracy .

He also said the European Union will consider toughening sanctions on the Mugabe regime when foreign ministers meet ahead of the Barcelona summit on Friday and Saturday .

Lebatt told the media conference that deep divergences remained concerning the designation of delegates to represent DRC political parties , and those to represent the parties who signed the Lusaka agreement .

In the past week , the United States has taken a stand in support of the Saudi Arabian peace plan .

`` March appears to be a more reasonable estimate while earlier admission can not be entirely ruled out , '' according to Chen , also Taiwan 's chief WTO negotiator .

`` We just want someone who can give us food , hospitals , school fees .
	someone-5	want-4	-dobj	someone-5 	We-2 just-3 want-4 
Wang Lequan , secretary of the regional committee of the Communist Party of China , has listed comprehensive treatment of the Tarim River and the project to ship natural gas from Xinjiang to eastern China as the most important projects for this year .
	treatment-19	listed-17	-dobj	comprehensive-18 treatment-19 of-20 the-21 Tarim-22 River-23 and-24 the-25 project-26 to-27 ship-28 natural-29 gas-30 from-31 Xinjiang-32 to-33 eastern-34 China-35 	has-16 listed-17 
Big Sisters helps fill that void by matching caring , responsible adult volunteers with at-risk girls , ages 8-14 .

But the Taliban commander who aimed that RPG was certainly ascribing human characteristics to a lump of stone .

Dioxin is an extremely poisonous chemical that causes cancer , immune system malfunction and birth defects .

So he is unlikely to have been enamoured of statues .

Taipei , Aug. 17 -LRB- CNA -RRB- -- The Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- government will push for Chinese language education among the vast number of Chinese communities in Southeast Asia , a high-ranking ROC official said Friday .

In rural areas , many polling stations stood empty by midday .

The protesters were showing their support to Palestinians following Israel 's recent incursion into Palestinian President Yasser Arafat 's West Bank headquarters in Ramallah , which killed at least five security personnel .

AS Camp X-ray in Cuba 's Guantanamo Bay continues to fill with Muslim militants who had sworn to die rather than be captured , even the little we see of their situation makes it clear they 're in hell .

In the next stage , 2006-2010 , the efficiency of existing nuclear power stations will be stepped up by increasing the utilization of current capacity , extending their service life and increasing capacity by using new-generation power units In 2005 , the capacity of all Russian nuclear power stations should total 25.24 GW .

A better life , '' says Martha , explaining why she voted for MDC candidate Morgan Tsvangirai .

If things go on like this , the government must transform the current industrial structure into an environment-friendly one and minimize industries which use a host of energy such as petrochemicals and cement manufacturing .

I did .

As for likenesses , the Buddha said on his deathbed : `` All composite things arise and decline .

`` I think this is the final nail on the government 's coffin .
	this-4	think-3	-nsubj-ccomp	this-4 	think-3 
When the US war ended in 1975 , three million Vietnamese had been killed , 4.4 million wounded and two million affected by toxic chemicals , mainly Agent Orange .

Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment barrier , the positive effects radiate throughout our community : The business community welcomes not only another worker , but a consumer with increased purchasing power .

Israel is responsible for about three million bitter people who lack political rights .

So far , the Indonesian Government has only ratified the 1972 Liability Convention .

Freedom of the press and freedom of assembly were also severely restricted , the report said .
	Freedom-1	said-16	-nsubjpass-ccomp	Freedom-1 of-2 the-3 press-4 and-5 freedom-6 of-7 assembly-8 	said-16 
Foreign governments have pressed Mugabe to restore the rule of law .
	Mugabe-5	pressed-4	-dobj	Mugabe-5 to-6 restore-7 the-8 rule-9 of-10 law-11 	have-3 pressed-4 
Indonesia would not need to produce further evidence to substantiate its claim , he said .

The first would involve continuous occupation and -LRB- the development of -RRB- an apartheid state similar to South Africa .

Ninety of the attacks , approximately half of attacks that took place in the world , were reported in Southeast Asian waters .

Some senators spoke about this on Mise au Point -LRB- program -RRB- on the television .

Still , it might be doubly difficult for the Afghans among them ever to go back , if the new administration of their home country goes ahead with rebuilding the Buddhas of Bamiyan for their potential as a tourist attraction .

The South African government in a statement welcomes the fact that the actual elections and subsequent processes have proceeded without any significant conflict among the participants .
	fact-10	welcomes-8	-dobj	the-9 fact-10 	welcomes-8 
`` People pretend to be ZANU-PF because they are afraid .

The magazine stated that Goodwill -LRB- as well as the other standouts -RRB- is `` uniquely effective , innovative or valuable .
	Goodwill-5	stated-3	-dep-dep	Goodwill-5 -LRB--6 as-7 well-8 as-9 the-10 other-11 standouts-12 -RRB--13 is-14 	stated-3 
`` Clearly , Mugabe is doing everything he can to steal this election , '' said John Makumbe , a political science professor at the University of Zimbabwe .
	Mugabe-4	said-16	-nsubj-ccomp	Mugabe-4 	said-16 
The forum will facilitate the exchange of dialogues on policy and of information and experts on the environment .

Unlike other experts , Priyatna believes that Indonesia should not be too concerned -LRB- about the Australian planned space station -RRB- .
	Indonesia-8	believes-6	-nsubj-ccomp	Indonesia-8 	believes-6 
`` The SADC secretariat condemns unreservedly and in the strongest terms this act of terrorism , '' he said .
	act-13	condemns-5	-dobj	this-12 act-13 of-14 terrorism-15 	condemns-5 unreservedly-6 and-7 in-8 the-9 strongest-10 terms-11 
In his congratulation message to his Zimbabwean counterpart Robert Mugabe , Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa calls him a champion of democracy .
	him-17	calls-16	-nsubj-xcomp	him-17 	calls-16 
`` If Australia then denies the claim , we need only demand that Australia produce proof that the space debris did not originate from its space center activities .
	claim-7	denies-5	-dobj	the-6 claim-7 	denies-5 
ZANU-PF election officials also plan to use civil service employees to monitor the vote-counting and bar independent monitors from nonprofit organizations from assisting in such routine tasks as transporting ballot boxes to counting stations .
	use-7	plan-5	-xcomp	to-6 use-7 civil-8 service-9 employees-10 to-11 monitor-12 the-13 vote-counting-14 and-15 bar-16 independent-17 monitors-18 from-19 nonprofit-20 organizations-21 from-22 assisting-23 in-24 such-25 routine-26 tasks-27 as-28 transporting-29 ballot-30 boxes-31 to-32 counting-33 stations-34 	plan-5 
Kong made the remark when asked to comment on the different views given by the New York Times and the Washington Post recentlyon a statement by the U.S. leader describing the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Iran and Iraq as the `` axis of evil '' nations .
	Republic-35	describing-30	-dobj	the-31 Democratic-32 People-33 's-34 Republic-35 of-36 Korea-37 	describing-30 
While I appreciate U.S. News & World Report 's endorsement , the true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on problems that affect all of us .
	endorsement-10	appreciate-3	-dobj	U.S.-4 News-5 &-6 World-7 Report-8 's-9 endorsement-10 	appreciate-3 
Cosmos 1402 in January 1978 fell over the Northern Hemisphere and Cosmos 954 , which contained radioactive substances , crashed above the uninhabited tundra of Canada in September 1977 .

In 1996-2000 , Xinjiang completed a big number of major transportation , energy , water conservancy and telecommunications projects with 254 billion yuan of fixed asset investment .

November 15 , 1996 Dear Personal Donor : In the short while since Goodwill helped him find his job , Robert has learned to thoroughly clean a motel room in about 40 minutes .

For instance , a bloody riot was ignited in Cincinnati when an Afro-American youth was shot dead for no reason by police officers .

The framework will contain guidelines , principles , scope and modalities for establishing a free trade area , including early harvest , special and differential treatment and flexibility .

China has noticed that U.S. public opinion and general public do not agree to the wording of `` axis of evil , '' he said , pointing out that the consequences are bound to be serious if the logic of the wording is followed .
	opinion-7	noticed-3	-nsubj-ccomp	U.S.-5 public-6 opinion-7 and-8 general-9 public-10 	has-2 noticed-3 	wording-16	agree-13	-pobj-prep	the-15 wording-16 of-17 ``-18 axis-19 of-20 evil-21 	do-11 not-12 agree-13 
Among them are halting the payment of debts and the execution of supportive actions for the poor people , controlling government and state expenses , attempts to increase employment , giving food help and trying to take out new loans , and the adoption of new monetary policies .

At the Chaparandza Primary School in the rural Rushinga , Mary Mugumira , wearing a wool `` USA 1997 '' hat , a long traditional dress , no shoes , and a confused look , asked the presiding officer to vote for her .
	officer-39	asked-36	-dobj	the-37 presiding-38 officer-39 to-40 vote-41 for-42 her-43 	asked-36 
The high birthrate of the Palestinian population guarantees that it will not be possible to change the population balance of the occupied territories by stepping up resettlement -LRB- by the Jewish population -RRB- .
	it-10	guarantees-8	-nsubj-ccomp	it-10 	guarantees-8 
One of them had lost not just its face but its entire head .

Mugabe said the decision to defer the possible suspension until Commonwealth observers report back on the election was `` a victory against Britain 's attempts to introduce a new form of apartheid '' to serve Western interests in developing countries .
	decision-4	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 decision-4 to-5 defer-6 the-7 possible-8 suspension-9 until-10 Commonwealth-11 observers-12 report-13 back-14 on-15 the-16 election-17 	said-2 
HAVANA - -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Thousands of Cubans celebrated Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's return to power at a rally Tuesday , likening the failed coup against the Cuban ally to the disastrous U.S.-backed effort to overthrow Fidel Castro 's government 41 years ago .
	return-16	celebrated-10	-dobj	Venezuelan-11 President-12 Hugo-13 Chavez-14 's-15 return-16 to-17 power-18 	celebrated-10 	coup-27	likening-24	-dobj	the-25 failed-26 coup-27 	likening-24 
This is no different to arbitration hearings to resolve other cases , '' Priyatna said .

Operating profit in the company 's abrasives segment rose 16 % while operating profit in the engineering materials segment rose 2 % .

The national dialogue is a feature of peace accords signed in 1999 by all warring parties in the former Zaire -- two rebel groups , their backers Rwanda and Uganda , and the Kinshasa government and its allies , Angola , Zimbabwe and Namibia .

Vietnamese Minister of Science , Technology and Environment Chu Tuan Nha told the first Asia-Europe Meeting -LRB- ASEM -RRB- Environment Ministers ' Meeting -LRB- ASEM EnMM -RRB- in Beijing recently that Vietnam always values environmental protection , including prevention of pollution or degradation , bio-diversity protection , and improvement of the environment in industrial zones and in both urban and rural areas .
	protection-36	values-34	-dobj	environmental-35 protection-36 ,-37 including-38 prevention-39 of-40 pollution-41 or-42 degradation-43 ,-44 bio-diversity-45 protection-46 ,-47 and-48 improvement-49 of-50 the-51 environment-52 	values-34 
`` It is not a Zimbabwe-Britain crisis .

Masire said this week he was determined to `` ensure that people from all corners of the country are allowed to express their views '' , adding that he wanted to avoid a `` superficial '' exercise .
	ensure-10	determined-7	-xcomp	ensure-10 that-11 people-12 from-13 all-14 corners-15 of-16 the-17 country-18 are-19 allowed-20 to-21 express-22 their-23 views-24 	was-6 determined-7 
HARARE AND RUSHINGA , ZIMBABWE - Martha 's neighbors know her as a high-ranking district official of Zimbabwe 's ruling ZANU-PF Party , the woman who drills local children each Friday in the party doctrine .

Murchabaiw , diagnosed in the last stages of AIDS , does not believe he will live to see the results of this election .
	he-14	believe-13	-nsubj-ccomp	he-14 	does-11 not-12 believe-13 	results-20	believe-13	-dobj-nsubj-nsubj-ccomp	the-19 results-20 of-21 this-22 election-23 	does-11 not-12 believe-13 
State radio also reported Monday that three opposition lawmakers tried to bribe Zimbabwe 's air force commander to help calm security forces if Mugabe were removed .

Another important point is Argentina 's connections with the global economy .

Some polls stayed open all night , with people voting by flickering candlelight or under harsh fluorescent bulbs .

Israeli 's own 35-year-old occupation and resettlement policies have created the breeding ground for the terrorism that Sharon is now trying to root out by resorting exclusively to military means .

This is the only manner that is conducive to safeguarding long-term peace and stability in the world and related regions .

Lebatt said the facilitation team expected to draw up a final list of participants by August 6 .

Many in the outside world are disturbed by conditions in `` Gitmo '' .

According to the nationwide election results , Mugabe gained 56.2 percent of the total 2,998,758 valid votes , or 1,685,212 votes , while Morgan Tsvangirai of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- getting 41.96 percent , or 1,258,401 votes .

The trade negotiation committee hosted its first meeting in Beijing in the last two days .

Even at the time , though , this was a stretch for even the most ardent apologist .

Even more worrying is the possibility that a space station could be transformed into a military base and pose a threat to Indonesia 's national sovereignty .

Taiwan-made products stood a good chance of becoming even more competitive thanks to wider access to overseas markets and lower costs for material imports , he said .

This convention only applies to space objects that fall into Indonesian sovereign territory .

`` I am happy now , '' he says with a bright smile after voting .

Replying , Lange said : `` The day September 11 , 2001 has become one of the worst days in American history .

Prior to that , two Soviet satellites struck the earth .

Despite everything , there is still hope in Zimbabwe that this election may bring change .
	election-12	hope-7	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj	this-11 election-12 	hope-7 
In the year-earlier quarter , the tax credit was $ 3.3 million .

According to the Government Information Office -LRB- GIO -RRB- , which is co-sponsoring the symposium with National Chengchi University 's Institute of International Relations , the symposium is being held to provide the world with a greater understanding of Taiwan 's role in regional stability .

Strike Triggered by a TurbanAccording to military sources at the U.S. base , the hunger striker was first triggered on Wednesday when the guard took the turban off the detainee 's head while he was still praying .

The government and business circle expect the nation 's exports to be damaged in direct and indirect ways from 2008 , when advanced nations will begin to be regulated by the protocol .
	exports-10	expect-6	-dobj	the-7 nation-8 's-9 exports-10 	expect-6 
Real work .

The Kyoto Protocol is an agreement to get 30 leading industrialized countries such as Japan and members of the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- to lessen greenhouse gas emissions by amounts as high as 95 percent of levels in the 1990 's .
	get-8	agreement-6	-vmod	to-7 get-8 30-9 leading-10 industrialized-11 countries-12 such-13 as-14 Japan-15 and-16 members-17 of-18 the-19 European-20 Union-21 -LRB--22 EU-23 -RRB--24 to-25 lessen-26 greenhouse-27 gas-28 emissions-29 by-30 amounts-31 as-32 high-33 	agreement-6 
Most disturbing are pronouncements by senior government officials and military leaders that they would not allow this former British colony to be led by Tsvangirai and his political party , the Movement for Democratic Change .

Mugabe described the opposition as `` a donkey being controlled by the British , '' the former colonial power .
	opposition-4	described-2	-dobj	the-3 opposition-4 	described-2 
`` The main cheating took place long before election days , '' says Brian Murphy of the Zimbabwe Citizens support group , an organization whose members spread around the country this weekend privately monitoring the elections .

Prison officials have reportedly strengthened the already heavy security at the prison for precautions .

Which was most disturbing of all , because such was the very sin that rocket was supposedly intended to expunge .

This is a very important lesson for Indonesia .

Several of Mugabe 's ministers and senior aides were also on hand to see their leader cast his ballot , as well as a throng of reporters and camera operators .

The Bush administration has been under international criticism for not treating the detainees humanely .

In rand-terms , an additional R7,77-million was committed for drought relief to bring the total to R44-million ; R6,48-million to support the objective of achieving an integrated regional market in southern Africa , bringing the total committed to R189-million ; and R898560 in support of strengthening regional economies through non governmental organizations , bringing the total committed to the program to R88,99-million .

He has no time to waste .

Masire was brought back into the DRC peace process in February this year as facilitator for the inter-Congolese dialogue by President Joseph Kabila .

In the first decade after the war , about 50,000 children were born with deformities or paralysis to parents affected by toxic chemicals .

US Assistant Secretary for African affairs Walter Kansteiner in a statement called Zimbabwe 's election flawed , saying that the US would consider further sanctions against Mugabe and his government .
	flawed-16	called-12	-xcomp	Zimbabwe-13 's-14 election-15 flawed-16 	called-12 	US-21	saying-18	-nsubj-ccomp	the-20 US-21 	saying-18 
The Convention also sets out various claims that can be made by states who have suffered damages as a result of other states ' space projects .

The other had a big hole in its crotch , at which someone had launched a rocketpropelled grenade back in ' 98 .

Police declared the meeting with about 35 ambassadors and members of their staffs illegal under new security laws requiring police permission for political gatherings .

`` The intention , of course , is that you frustrate as many voters as you can .

Police tried to disperse the crowds but the protesters beat the security personnel with sticks and flag poles .

No immediate report of casualties was available , but the police reportedly managed to herd the students away from the embassy gate .

Rather than issuing a letter of objection to the Australian Government , would n't it be better to join them in our own national interest ? '' he asked .

The United States dismisses such concerns : it 's a prison , after all ; remember the Black Hole of Mazar-iSharif .
	concerns-6	dismisses-4	-dobj	such-5 concerns-6 	dismisses-4 
Cuba was swift to denounce the Venezuelan president 's ouster Friday -- reversed two days later when Chavez was reinstated by loyalist military officers after demonstrations calling for his return .

The desperate tableau that has emerged in the last few days is becoming even more dismal , and the administration of President George W. Bush does not appear to have any sort of logical Near East policy .

That was the moment at which the fabric of compassion tore , and worlds cracked apart ; when the contrast and conflict of civilisational values became so great as to remove any sense of common ground - even on which to do battle .

The treaty also pledges that the launching of space objects be purely for humanitarian purposes and not for military purposes , '' Priyatna said .

The Prime Minister should explain once and for all what third objective he might have for his actions .

The statement said , according to the Preliminary Report of the South African Observer Mission , Zimbabwe 's elections should be considered as legitimate .
	elections-19	considered-22	-nsubjpass	Zimbabwe-17 's-18 elections-19 	be-21 considered-22 
The third China-ASEAN Economic Senior Official 's meeting , held in Beijing on Tuesday , set up a trade negotiation committee to hold in-depth discussions on the framework of a free trade area in the region .

Quite a lot , as it happens .

Scientists will evaluate available dioxin-related research results and define present requirements for further research .

The three programs are virtually open ended , being topped up as projects finish and others are initiated .

The conflict in the former Zaire broke out when rebels backed by Laurent Kabila 's erstwhile allies Rwanda and Uganda launched an insurgency in August 1998 .

After having secured the approval of a working panel in Geneva , Taiwan 's entry has yet to be ratified at the WTO 's ministerial meeting set for Qatar in November and then undergo parliamentary deliberation at home , he said .

Britain , Australia , Canada and New Zealand demanded the suspension of Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth to protest state-sponsored violence and human rights abuses against the opposition .
	violence-20	protest-18	-dobj	state-sponsored-19 violence-20 and-21 human-22 rights-23 abuses-24 against-25 the-26 opposition-27 	to-17 protest-18 	suspension-11	demanded-9	-dobj	the-10 suspension-11 of-12 Zimbabwe-13 	demanded-9 
Mugabe is trying to move the goal posts to disenfranchise people , these people he thinks will vote against him , '' said Tsvangirai , visiting one polling station where thousands waited angrily to cast their votes , waving their hands in the open-handed signal of the MDC .

Your $ 1,000 contribution can put a mentor in a child 's life-and hope in a child 's future .

The government will have to pour a lot of money into businesses to promote energy efficiency .

Zimbabwe 's incumbent President Robert Mugabe has won the country 's closest-fought presidential election since independence 22 years ago , the final election results showed Wednesday .

`` We are now wide awake , '' Mugabe said at a rally Monday .

An estimate of the number of people killed in the operation ranges from 10,000 to 20,000 .

Opposition officials say that 22 of their polling agents have been abducted in the past week , and a surge in violent attacks in swing districts could persuade enough opposition supporters to vote for ZANU-PF to ensure Mugabe 's victory .
	surge-20	say-3	-nsubj-conj	a-19 surge-20 in-21 violent-22 attacks-23 in-24 swing-25 districts-26 	say-3 
Sharon , of course , will not admit that he is planning anything like this , even though the idea has been discussed in Israel .
	he-10	admit-8	-nsubj-ccomp	he-10 	will-6 not-7 admit-8 
These principles are upheld in the Space Treaty 1967 .

However an expected increase in farm imports would certainly have an impact on the domestic agricultural sector , he said .

The insurance concern said all conversion rights on the stock will terminate on Nov. .

of all the 800,000 remaining shares outstanding of its $ 1.875 Series A convertible preferred stock at $ 26.805 a share .

Former president of the United States , Jimmy Carter , has come out in support of Chavez 's promise to set up dialogue tables and is scheduled to visit Venezuela in the near future .

The temporary security it may produce will be lost immediately if the troops are withdrawn .

And we do n't waste money .

By contributing $ 1,000 you can support one match for one year .

In a meeting with 25 of the scholars Thursday , Tsai said in response to a question on whether Taiwan is afraid of over-reliance on the mainland market that the island will be able to achieve balanced economic growth as long as it strikes a balance between maintaining its sovereignty , developing its economy globally and normalizing relations with the mainland .
	island-31	afraid-22	-nsubj-ccomp	the-30 island-31 	is-21 afraid-22 of-23 over-reliance-24 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 1.15 billion from $ 1.06 billion .

For the PS -LRB- Socialist Party -RRB- , Senator Jean Cornil still supports them , while being increasingly critical .
	them-14	supports-13	-dobj	them-14 	still-12 supports-13 
A Big Sister is a mentor , a friend and a role model , helping a young girl to develop the self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible , productive and successful adult .

This country has attracted a large amount of foreign investment by international companies , from the American continent to Europe .

The MDC says that 52 percent of its rural polling agents were chased away , abducted , or refused accreditation by government officials , leaving the voting process open to widespread abuse .

We do n't waste time as we are helping the community .

Ramsamy also condemned last Tuesday 's terror attacks in the United States .
	attacks-8	condemned-3	-dobj	last-4 Tuesday-5 's-6 terror-7 attacks-8 in-9 the-10 United-11 States-12 	condemned-3 
I encourage you to Join me in presenting this matchmaker challenge to your congregation .
	you-3	encourage-2	-dobj	you-3 	encourage-2 
The reason is that South Korea 's industrial structure depends heavily on the export of products including not only durable appliances such as air conditioner but also automobiles all of which should meet intensified environmental standards before they can be shipped overseas under the Protocol .

`` I wanted to go home , but I have to vote , '' she says .
	go-5	wanted-3	-xcomp	to-4 go-5 home-6 	wanted-3 
`` The Space Treaty 1967 obliges launching states to open as widely as possible the opportunity of cooperation with other states in all its activities .

Judging by its demeanor , the statue had n't felt a thing .

Rural Bindura had 41 polling stations for a smaller number of people .

The Bush administration brushed aside suggestions Tuesday that it quietly encouraged the removal of Chavez .
	removal-13	encouraged-11	-dobj	the-12 removal-13 of-14 Chavez-15 	quietly-10 encouraged-11 	it-9	brushed-4	-nsubj-ccomp	it-9 	brushed-4 aside-5 suggestions-6 
Automatic Data is redeeming the bonds because the after-tax cost of the interest on the bonds is higher than the dividend yield on the common , a spokesman said .

But that outcome is certainly not a foregone conclusion .

He proudly leaves Goodwill to support himself .
	himself-7	support-6	-dobj	himself-7 	support-6 
Which , one supposes , was indeed the motivation of those who blew away those statues to leave two giant holes in the Afghan landscape , in the process paying unthinking tribute to some of the Buddha 's subtlest and most profound teachings on the nature of impermanence and the perils of delusion .

This section allows states who have suffered damages to claim compensation through the International Claims Commission , which acts as the representative of the appellant state against the launching state -LRB- in this case Australia -RRB- or any other international organization which can be classed as a launching state .

Political analysts say the charges may have laid the groundwork for Mugabe to jail Tsvangirai as a last-ditch effort to stay in power should he lose the election .
	charges-5	say-3	-nsubj-ccomp	the-4 charges-5 	say-3 
If a rocket launch fails , debris weighing hundreds of tonnes will be scattered over the densely-populated island of Java or the tourist island of Bali , and on to the east as far as Timor .

However , Zimbabwe 's presidential election was condemned by some western countries .
	election-6	condemned-8	-nsubjpass	Zimbabwe-3 's-4 presidential-5 election-6 	was-7 condemned-8 	countries-12	condemned-8	-pobj-prep	some-10 western-11 countries-12 	was-7 condemned-8 
its $ 150 million of 6.5 % convertible subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2011 .

One would think that no politically prudent Israeli could support either of them .
	Israeli-8	think-3	-nsubj-ccomp	politically-6 prudent-7 Israeli-8 	would-2 think-3 	either-11	support-10	-dobj	either-11 of-12 them-13 	could-9 support-10 
In addition , an Indonesian-registered ship was attacked and the crews from two ships , including a captain , were kidnapped and held for ransom .

A real difference in people 's lives -- in all of our lives .

Denmark gave Zimbabwe aid worth 9.42 million euros -LRB- 8.3 million US dollars -RRB- in 2001 and made available 2 million euros more in 2002 to complete projects already underway .
	aid-4	gave-2	-dobj	Zimbabwe-3 aid-4 worth-5 9.42-6 million-7 euros-8 -LRB--9 8.3-10 million-11 US-12 dollars-13 -RRB--14 in-15 2001-16 and-17 made-18 available-19 2-20 million-21 euros-22 more-23 in-24 2002-25 to-26 complete-27 projects-28 already-29 underway-30 	gave-2 
Just like the impact Goodwill 's work has on our community .

`` The people of Zimbabwe have re-elected you because you have been same -LRB- consistent -RRB- in defending their inalienable rights to their country 's freedom , democratic and sovereign government , '' Mkapa said .
	people-3	said-35	-nsubj-ccomp	The-2 people-3 of-4 Zimbabwe-5 	said-35 
The ugliest crimes are perpetrated against inmates in U.S. prisons , and the mistreatment of ethnic minorities by the U.S. police is so appalling that on several occasions it has led to massive riots .

The unemployment rate has passed 18 percent and the hard currency is continuously being devalued .

In Kuwadzana , there were seven polling stations for about 55,000 people .

In this report , when referring to Iran , the United States repeated its allegations against the Islamic Republic but failed to provide any evidence in support of its baseless charges .

If the protocol , which prescribes an obligatory reduction of greenhouse gases , is put into effect , the nation 's export will be heavily damaged .

In his speech on Monday , Mugabe thanked African leaders for refusing to buckle to pressure to suspend Zimbabwe from the Commonwealth of Britain and its former territories at a summit of the 54-nation grouping in Australia .
	leaders-10	thanked-8	-dobj	African-9 leaders-10 	thanked-8 
Just like the respect we 've earned from U.S. News & World Report .

Israel 's resettlement policies have been justified on the grounds of security .
	policies-4	justified-7	-nsubjpass	Israel-1 's-2 resettlement-3 policies-4 	have-5 been-6 justified-7 
The other alternative entails the massive expulsion of the three million Palestinians to neighboring countries with the human and political catastrophe that would accompany this .

Australia 's plans to construct a space port on Christmas Island , located just a stone 's throw , a mere 500 kilometres south of Jakarta , has concerned some in the Indonesian Government .
	some-30	concerned-29	-dobj	some-30 in-31 the-32 Indonesian-33 Government-34 	has-28 concerned-29 
Urumqi , January 21 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- The Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in northwest China will invest 420 billion yuan -LRB- 51 billion U.S. dollars -RRB- in fixed assets during the country 's 10th Five-Year Plan period for 2001-2005 , compared with 254 billion yuan in the 1996-2000 period .

Nearly 60 percent of the investment will come from the central government and state-owned enterprises , a local official said Monday .

Brasilia , 16 -LRB- Agencia Brasil - ABr -RRB- - President Fernando Henrique Cardoso says that the principal challenge facing the president of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , is reestablish normalcy following the conflicts of last week .
	challenge-19	says-15	-nsubj-ccomp	challenge-19 	says-15 
The committee said in a joint statement at the end of the meeting that it will try to have the framework finalized at the China-ASEAN summit in Cambodia at the end of this year .
	it-15	said-3	-nsubj-ccomp	it-15 	said-3 
HARARE-Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe predicted victory Saturday as he cast his ballots in presidential and local elections at a primary school in Harare 's working-class suburb of Highfield .

`` The government should provide domestic firms real aid like tax reductions and environmental technology development rather than abstractly recommend domestic firms promote energy efficiency and lower energy consumption , '' an industry source said .
	government-3	said-35	-nsubj-ccomp	The-2 government-3 	said-35 	promote-23	recommend-20	-ccomp	domestic-21 firms-22 promote-23 energy-24 efficiency-25 and-26 lower-27 energy-28 consumption-29 	abstractly-19 recommend-20 
Nevertheless , intact pieces of debris weighing up to 20 to 30 tonnes fell into the Pacific Ocean .

The ASEM EnMM concluded in Beijing on 17 January with the adoption of a Statement of the Presidium calling for an early implementation of the Kyoto Protocol as well as cooperation and dialogue between ASEM members .
	calling-19	concluded-4	-pcomp-prep	the-11 adoption-12 of-13 a-14 Statement-15 of-16 the-17 Presidium-18 calling-19 for-20 an-21 early-22 implementation-23 of-24 the-25 Kyoto-26 Protocol-27 as-28 well-29 as-30 cooperation-31 and-32 dialogue-33 between-34 ASEM-35 members-36 	concluded-4 
Of all the unconscionable things the Taliban did to Afghan society in the six years of their reign , their demolition of the Buddhas of Bamiyan last March cleaved the rift between civilisations that was rammed wide open by hijacked aircraft over America just six months later , and which the US has since cauterised with the molten metal of its military might .

once his tears have subsided , he confirms what his classmates have already figured out : he just received a job offer -- his first in five years .

However , negotiations about ransom were not disclosed .

The kangaroo country should implement risk management procedures before opening the space station on Christmas Island , and open as widely as possible the opportunity of cooperation with other states , and open complete access to cooperation to all states without exception .

Traffic to the settlements prevents the effective monitoring of Israel 's borders .

`` They do n't want the president of Zimbabwe to remain the president of Zimbabwe , '' he told reporters outside the school .
	They-2	want-5	-nsubj	They-2 	do-3 n't-4 want-5 
The conversion price for the debentures is $ 41.725 a share .

Indonesia at the very least needs to sign the UN Convention on Space as well as ratify several other treaties governing national activities in outer space .

Argentina was expecting to receive 1.3 billion USD to help the state meet its immediate expenses but after an unfavourable report submitted by Thomas Reichmann , it was decided that now is not `` the right moment '' to lend any more money .
	receive-5	expecting-3	-xcomp	to-4 receive-5 1.3-6 billion-7 USD-8 to-9 help-10 the-11 state-12 meet-13 its-14 immediate-15 expenses-16 	expecting-3 	it-27	decided-29	-nsubjpass	it-27 	was-28 decided-29 
A newspaper reported that Mugabe had put the armed forces on `` high alert '' and had recalled soldiers from neighboring Congo , where they have been deployed in that country 's civil war .

Nairobi , March 13 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's reelection has been praised by the Organization of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- , African countries , but condemned by some western countries .
	President-10	praised-17	-rcmod	Zimbabwean-9 President-10 Robert-11 Mugabe-12 's-13 reelection-14 	has-15 been-16 praised-17 
Under a quota system , the tariffs on imported cars would be reduced from 30.0 percent in the first year after Taiwan 's WTO entry to 17.5 percent in 10 years , he said .

The vice minister said Taiwan 's service industry was unlikely to sustain an excessive impact as it has been largely opened to private and foreign participation .
	industry-8	said-4	-nsubj-ccomp	Taiwan-5 's-6 service-7 industry-8 	said-4 
Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi congratulated Mugabe on his reelection , saying his victory and that of his ZANU-PF party was '' testimony of the confidence and high esteem the people of Zimbabwe hold in you '' .
	Mugabe-7	congratulated-6	-dobj	Mugabe-7 	congratulated-6 	victory-14	saying-12	-dobj	his-13 victory-14 	saying-12 
It 's been almost a year since the Taliban blew up those monumental 1,500-year-old sandstone statues in northcentral Afghanistan , at which time the only way for the rest of us to handle the insult to human sensibilities was to emulate the Gautama Buddha himself , and profess relief .

The 78-year-old former guerrilla leader , who has governed since independence in 1980 , took another swipe at the former colonial power Britain and other western nations , which he said have prejudged the vote .
	vote-35	prejudged-33	-dobj	the-34 vote-35 	prejudged-33 	Britain-23	took-15	-pobj-prep	the-19 former-20 colonial-21 power-22 Britain-23 and-24 other-25 western-26 nations-27 	took-15 another-16 swipe-17 
Although IMF officials deny any connection their policies and the current situation , reports indicate that now an IMF executive delegation is actively making changes to Argentina 's economy .

Indonesia can exploit this principle of the Space Treaty 1967 .

Seoul , Nov. 19 -LRB- Yonhap -RRB- -- The recent settlement of details regarding the Kyoto Protocol is putting local exporters on alert .

Bush Criticized for Treating Detainees InhumanelyAs more inmates joined the hunger strike , some of them reportedly chanted rhythmically on Thursday .

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan said Friday that China disapproves of the use of such words as the `` axis of evil '' in international relations .

The most prominent form of such attacks is sea jack for ransom .

Mugabe was clearly expected to turn up at Mhofu School in Highfield , where state television had a truck posted and had been broadcasting live since polls opened early Saturday .
	Mugabe-1	expected-4	-nsubjpass	Mugabe-1 	expected-4 
Neither do we .

Besides , those statues had been defaced long before they were finally reduced to rubble .

The computing-services concern will pay $ 1,059.04 for each $ 1,000 face amount of debt .

Tendai Biti , the MDC 's foreign affairs spokesman , said Mugabe was trying to hide his policies of violence and intimidation behind his rift with Britain .
	Mugabe-12	said-11	-nsubj-ccomp	Mugabe-12 	said-11 
Suicide attacks do not require an extensive infrastructure .

The only means of preventing a return to terrorism would be -LRB- to launch -RRB- a counter-terrorist effort that extends to every village .

`` I am pleased to send my warm congratulations on the renewed and the deserved presidential mandate the people of Zimbabwe have given you , '' Mkapa said .

Taipei , Nov. 29 -LRB- CNA -RRB- -- Thirty political observers from around the world are slated to participate in an international symposium on democratic consolidation , peace and security to be held in Taipei Sunday .

And did , spectacularly .

A participant in a Goodwill program rushes back from a job interview to share the results with his classmates in our desktop publishing training program .

Therefore , plans to construct a space port should be moved from Christmas Island if Australia is really willing to listen to Indonesia 's objections .

Rather we should the use the current to our mutual benefit , '' he said .

ZANU-PF officials have told election observers that they intend to increase the number of polling stations in rural areas believed to be their strongholds and reduce the number of stations in urban areas , where there is strong support for the opposition .
	opposition-42	support-39	-pobj-prep	the-41 opposition-42 	strong-38 support-39 
A total of 38 overseas Chinese community leaders from nine Asian and Pacific countries attended the symposium , at which the participants also exchanged views on cross-Taiwan Strait relations .
	relations-29	exchanged-24	-pobj-prep	cross-Taiwan-27 Strait-28 relations-29 	exchanged-24 views-25 
China always holds that anti-terrorism campaigns should be based on irrefutable evidence , and anti-terrorism attacks should not be expanded arbitrarily , said Kong .

Neither do the rest of us who feel the positive results of their success .

The fledgling MDC won 57 of 120 elected seats in June 2000 parliamentary elections as Mugabe 's popularity plunged amid economic devastation and chaos .

A few kilograms of explosives , a simple detonating fuse , and a desperate hatred are the most important ingredients .

As the nation most likely to suffer the impact of the Australian Space Port , Indonesia could rely on the simplest article in the Liability Convention , Section 14 .

The election on Saturday and Sunday presents the strongest-ever challenge to Mugabe 's rule .

Many Zimbabweans see this weekend 's election as a contest between immovable forces : a 78-year-old autocrat desperate to remain in power and an opposition party dominated by restless young citizens weary of government corruption , food shortages and unemployment .
	remain-20	desperate-18	-xcomp	to-19 remain-20 in-21 power-22 	desperate-18 	election-7	see-3	-dobj	this-4 weekend-5 's-6 election-7 	see-3 
Meaning that rather than challenging and issuing objections to the Australian space project , Indonesia should take advantage of our southern neighbor 's space activities .

Mainland Affairs Council Chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen is scheduled to deliver a keynote speech at the symposium to explain the government 's policy toward mainland China .

It is high time for the United States to hurry to offer its assistance .
	assistance-14	offer-12	-dobj	its-13 assistance-14 	to-9 hurry-10 to-11 offer-12 
The young president 's father Laurent , assassinated in January , had sidelined Masire after accusing him of being biased in favor of the rebels .
	him-17	accusing-16	-dobj	him-17 	accusing-16 
Operating profit for the abrasives , engineering materials and petroleum services concern was $ 19.2 million , or 91 cents a share , up 3 % from $ 18.7 million , or 87 cents a share .

Instead , service ventures in the financial , transport and telecom sectors should benefit from the introduction of advanced skills and expertise from abroad , he added .

At the next corner he tells five more .

`` People have said being ruled by the MDC is being ruled by Ian Smith , '' Mutasa said , referring to the prime minister of white-ruled Rhodesia , as the country was known before gaining independence in 1980 .

NIEHS said that the conference will mark the start of joint scientific research on the impact of defoliant sprayed by the US Air Force during the war in Vietnam .

The president promised he would , but the violence has escalated , with dozens killed in February .
	he-4	promised-3	-nsubj-ccomp	he-4 	promised-3 
`` If Mugabe announces that he has won the election , I think that people will not believe it and will storm the castle , '' said Sibongile Mbuyiso , an opposition supporter .

That , according to foreign diplomats and Tsvangirai supporters , could disenfranchise hundreds of thousands of young opposition supporters who live with their parents .

Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt has announced on Flemish television that Europe will discuss the American actions in Afghanistan next Friday -LRB- 19 October -RRB- in Gent -LRB- northwest of Brussels -RRB- during the informal -LRB- EU -RRB- heads of state and government summit .

In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Automatic Data closed at $ 46.50 a share , down $ 2.25 .

Chavez told Cardoso he has no intention of seeking revenge against the military personnel who supported the failed attempt to remove him from office .

But a surge in political violence and accusations that the governing party changed election laws to rig the vote have fanned widespread concerns among Zimbabweans , election monitors and foreign diplomats that neither political party nor their supporters are prepared to accept the final tally .
	tally-45	accept-42	-dobj	the-43 final-44 tally-45 	are-39 prepared-40 to-41 accept-42 
This would of course require advanced technology and great cost to bring the matter to a claim submission .

The profound economic crisis in Argentina has coincided with a wave of social tension during recent days .

If all the debt is converted to common , Automatic Data will issue about 3.6 million shares ; last Monday , the company had nearly 73 million shares outstanding .

Masire 's team , which has criss-crossed the former Zaire to prepare for the talks , is currently pursuing its mission in the provinces of Bandundu , Bas-Congo , Equateur , and in the capital Kinshasa , Lebatt said .

Tsvangirai called the meeting to discuss food shortages gripping Zimbabwe and measures his party was considering to combat them , diplomats said .

But the official declined to disclose details about their two-day negotiations , saying these are just working level talks and more substantial progress will be made at the China and ASEAN economic ministers ' meeting in September .
	disclose-6	declined-4	-xcomp	to-5 disclose-6 details-7 about-8 their-9 two-day-10 negotiations-11 	declined-4 	these-14	saying-13	-nsubj-dep	these-14 	saying-13 
Surveys show the challenger , Morgan Tsvangirai , a trade union leader , ahead of Mugabe .

Fixed asset investment planned for this year will be 80.7 billion yuan , an increase of 15.2 percent .

Chen said Taiwan 's external trade has less of a need to readjust itself in the post-WTO era as it has long functioned under a market-oriented economy and already largely conforms to international conventions .
	trade-6	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	Taiwan-3 's-4 external-5 trade-6 	said-2 
You and I know that solutions to difficult problems do n't just happen .
	solutions-6	know-4	-nsubj-ccomp	solutions-6 to-7 difficult-8 problems-9 	know-4 
South Korea ranked ninth on a list of the largest greenhouse gas producers , and Korea 's per-capita emissions were also close to those of advanced countries .

The experts and scholars will be divided into discussion panels that will address the significance of Taiwan 's elections and its democratic consolidation , a comparative analysis of democratic elections and Taiwan 's democracy in the Asia Pacific region .

Heavy traffic congestion took place in almost every connecting roads near Jl .

A study by Chinese and ASEAN experts shows China 's export to ASEAN will increase 55.1 per cent to US$ 10.6 billion and ASEAN 's export to China will increase 48 per cent to US$ 13 billion after the establishment of the free trade area .

And so it has come ironically to pass that , one year on , a new Afghan order is dreaming of rebuilding those statues , while what 's left of the Taliban now sits in cells a world away , beardless , bald and clad in saffron .

Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets at one restless crowd , injuring at least 12 people .

The construction of nuclear power stations in Iran , China , India , Kazakhstan and Ukraine will provide 42bn dollars in 2002-2005 and 24bn dollars in 2006-2010 .

When nuclear power stations account for nearly 20 per cent of total energy generated in the country , nearly 52bn cubic metres of gas will be saved in 2005 and 65.5 bn cubic metres in 2010 .

There is a deep faith here , however , in the power of democracy .

Lines were not a problem , but transparency was .

His clothes probably never looked quite like that - the statues ' fashion sense had been clearly influenced by the Greeks , what with Alexander the Great having passed through on his way to giving up with India .

It will increase by 3 GW in 2002-05 and by 4.81 GW in 2006-10 to 30.05 GW .

The program calls for the overhaul of nuclear power stations with a view to extending their safe and efficient operation , extending the service life of power units , resumption of the construction of power units and compiling a list of promising sites for future nuclear power stations .

Mr. Murphy points to the lack of independent voter education , the lack of any independent radio stations , and the ban on holding opposition rallies in many districts as just a few examples .

`` It was not only an attack on our global village , but the foundations of democracy .

As a Matchmaker you will receive a description of `` your match '' and be identified as a Matchmaker on a plaque in the Big Sisters office , in the agency newsletter and annual report .

In June , six cases of pirate attacks took place in one day in waters near northern island of Borneo , in which trawl-boats and lumber carriers were ambushed .

`` This is a crucial presidential election .

The main problem that caused the recent shock is also a result of the restrictive economic policies that have been adopted on the advice of IMF experts .

The attempt failed , and about 100 of the invaders were killed and 1,000 captured .

Overseas Chinese Affairs Commission -LRB- OCAC -RRB- head Chang Fu-mei made the remarks after concluding a symposium on work in the Asia-Pacific Chinese communities .

In addition , governing party officials have revised election laws and procedures in a manner that could change the outcome of the vote , according to independent election observers .

This principle means that the burden of proof that the claimant state has suffered damages does not lie on the state submitting its damages claim .

Eventually , he turns your support into a payoff for all of us .

That could ease pressure on Mugabe to remain in power to avoid prosecution for his government 's attack in the 1980s in Matabeleland , the home of the Ndebele tribe , which at the time posed the most significant threat to his leadership .

Norton had operating profit of $ 76.8 million , or $ 3.66 a share , up 11 % from $ 69.5 million , or $ 3.31 a share .

The opposition Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- complained that the set-up was deliberately confusing in a ploy to discourage the urban vote , which is thought to favor Mugabe 's challenger Morgan Tsvangirai .
	set-up-13	complained-10	-nsubj-ccomp	the-12 set-up-13 	complained-10 	vote-24	discourage-21	-dobj	the-22 urban-23 vote-24 	discourage-21 	Tsvangirai-35	favor-30	-dobj	Mugabe-31 's-32 challenger-33 Morgan-34 Tsvangirai-35 	favor-30 
About 3.4 million of the 5.6 million registered voters in Zimbabwe were estimated to have voted in the controversial election that ended Monday after a high court extended the voting into a third day .

We can understand this as an immediate military objective , but nothing will be achieved by the operation politically .
	this-4	understand-3	-dobj	this-4 	can-2 understand-3 
Tsvangirai said at a news conference Thursday night that if he won the election , he would not prosecute Mugabe .

`` It does not take a vivid imagination to envision a scenario on the ground where either rioters or the military take to the streets in the days to come , '' an African diplomat said .

The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to continue our mission of helping people prepare for , find and keep jobs .

The opposition accuses the government of using violence , intimidation and new security laws to cow its voters and to prevent it from effectively campaigning .
	government-5	accuses-3	-dobj	the-4 government-5 of-6 using-7 violence-8 	accuses-3 
Until then , Conseco said the stock remains convertible into common stock at the rate of 1.439 shares of common stock for each share of preferred stock , which is equivalent to a conversion price of $ 17.50 a common share .

He says he wants to destroy the `` infrastructure '' behind the suicide attacks against the Israelis .
	against-15	wants-4	-prep-xcomp	the-12 suicide-13 attacks-14 against-15 the-16 Israelis-17 	wants-4 
`` The political players must overcome their divisions by finding a formula for consensus , '' said Lebatt , who is former foreign and cooperation minister of Mauritania .

Upon operation of the double-track railway line linking Lanzhou in Gansu Province with Urumqi , capital of Xinjiang , and the southern Xinjiang railway line which links Kashi with Turpan , the mileage of railways in Xinjiang has reached 3,008 km .

At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
	You-42	says-56	-nsubj-ccomp	You-42 	says-56 
Police had no immediate comment .

In the United Nations , it supported -LRB- a call for -RRB- the removal of Israeli troops from the cities in the occupied areas .

A residency requirement introduced last month bans registered voters from casting ballots if they can not provide leases or utility bills in their names .

Please use the enclosed response card and envelope to give generously to Goodwill today .

After months of fear and intimidation , Zimbabweans streamed to the polls this weekend in record numbers to cast their votes in the country 's first contested election since independence 22 years ago .

`` This signing sends a message to SADC of the importance with which the new US administration views regional integration in southern Africa , '' US ambassador to Botswana John Lange , who is also the special representative of the US government to SADC , said .
	integration-20	views-18	-dobj	regional-19 integration-20 in-21 southern-22 Africa-23 	views-18 
Tsvangirai was responding to a question posed by a Canadian publicist with whom he was meeting and who subsequently signed a contract with ZANU-PF .

With the limited funding to which her commission is entitled , Chang said , OCAC will focus its educational and cultural work on Chinese communities with the fewest resources , such as those in Myanmar -LRB- Burma -RRB- , Vietnam and Indonesia .

Some of the visiting experts from 10 countries , including the United States , Canada , Britain , Germany , France and Japan , have been arriving since Wednesday to call on key government agencies and local political leaders ahead of Saturday 's elections for legislators , county chiefs and city mayors .

At such close proximity , if bilateral relations with Australia were to take a turn for the worse , firing at Indonesia would be extremely easy .

Australia should adhere to the Cardinal Principle of International Law , which states that all nations in the world must first respect and promote the humanitarian interests and progress of all humankind .

Even if , contrary to all reason , the operation turns out to be successful , the underlying problem would remain the same as before .

This would soon erode both what is left of the army 's reputation and its military cutting edge .

You can get off welfare .

Under this situation , the nation can not possibly avoid pressures to match the cuts of advanced nations .

The categorical moral condemnation of terrorism is self-evident , but this will not free Israel from the problem it faces .

August 6 , 1998 Dear Friend : Adolescence .

Although diplomatic overtures to express official objections have not yet been made , the government through the National Space and Flight Agency has already warned of the possible risks facing Indonesia .
	risks-29	warned-25	-pobj-prep	the-27 possible-28 risks-29 facing-30 Indonesia-31 	warned-25 
In claiming compensation from the Soviet Union over Cosmos 954 , Canada was forced to navigate numerous procedural complications .

Our people are being brutalised by fellow black Zimbabweans .

The Lusaka accord merely speaks about `` political opposition '' , he said .

According to the International Maritime Bureau , a civic organ which acts on reports of suspicious shipping movements , piracy , and armed robbery at sea anywhere in the world , the number of pirate attacks in the first half of this year stood 165 , exceeding the record high of 161 pirate attacks in 2000 .

Anxiety arises , however , from the sense that the cultural gulf between these prisoners and their captors is so vast that the latter genuinely do not see how a diet of peanut butter and bagel chips can be considered cruel and inhuman punishment .

Police Commissioner Augustine Chihuri denied the reports .
	reports-7	denied-5	-dobj	the-6 reports-7 	denied-5 
The round of consultations ahead of the start of formal negotiations between the various parties -- dubbed the `` inter-Congolese dialogue '' -- will begin August 20 in the Botswana capital Gaborone , the facilitator of the talks , former Botswana president Ketumile Masire , announced this week .

The nation should certainly be concerned about the plans to build a rocket launch pad , work on the infrastructure for which is due to start in 2002 , with launches beginning from 2004 .
	nation-2	concerned-6	-nsubjpass	The-1 nation-2 	be-5 concerned-6 
The veil of compassion was hardly elastic enough to pull over those two great big holes in the earth .

International law governing accountability if one nation 's space debris falls on another is already in existence .

In the heat of crisis , the interim government has introduced new initiatives .

Within the 14-nation Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- , a team from the SADC Council of Ministers considered that the vote in Zimbabwe was a `` true reflection '' of the people 's will .
	vote-23	considered-20	-nsubj-ccomp	the-22 vote-23 in-24 Zimbabwe-25 	considered-20 
Those statues probably had n't been a good likeness of him , anyway .

The problem is , this large-scale project right in our own backyard could not only potentially cause space debris consisting of bits of rocket , fuel and satellites to fall into Indonesian territory , but will also disrupt flights and shipping .

Of course , lodging a claim is not as simple as clapping one 's hands .

The important point is that Argentina has enjoyed the IMF 's advice in the execution of these policies .
	Argentina-6	advice-12	-nsubj-dobj	Argentina-6 	advice-12 
But it turned out the president would perform his civic duty instead at Kudzanai School , also in Highfield .

It 's even harder when she is n't .

Mugabe had to vote at that particular ward in order to be able to cast ballots both for president and for mayor in Harare , which is holding the two elections simultaneously .

This includes a volunteer screening process , orientation , training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff .

Chen said Taiwan is set to reduce the average tariff rate on 1,021 farm products to 12.9 percent after its WTO accession from 20.0 percent currently .
	Taiwan-3	said-2	-nsubjpass-ccomp	Taiwan-3 	said-2 
'' This commemoration acquires special relevance this year , '' said Jorge Arias , a top local Communist Party official .

On the other hand , Christmas Island is certainly an ideal location for rocket launches due to its proximity to the Equator and the geostationary orbit -LRB- GSO -RRB- .

On his way home , he shares the story with four people at a street corner .

`` It would be a great tragedy for anyone to determine the outcome of an African election in Europe , '' Mkapa said .
	outcome-13	determine-11	-dobj	the-12 outcome-13 of-14 an-15 African-16 election-17 in-18 Europe-19 	to-10 determine-11 
Old and illiterate voters were assisted by ZANU-PF officials who often directed them to vote for the incumbent president .
	them-13	directed-12	-dobj	them-13 to-14 vote-15 for-16 the-17 incumbent-18 president-19 	directed-12 
He stressed that handling state-to-state relations should follow the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter , the Five Principles of Peaceful Co-existence , and the principle that all countries should be treated on an equal footing .
	relations-6	stressed-2	-nsubj-ccomp	handling-4 state-to-state-5 relations-6 	stressed-2 	countries-31	stressed-2	-nsubjpass-ccomp-ccomp	all-30 countries-31 	stressed-2 
Riots and widespread strikes , attacks on government buildings , and the plundering of stores have left scores of dead and casualties .

He said the Vietnamese Government has mobilized all resources and strengthened its international cooperation in addressing environmental issues .
	Government-5	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 Vietnamese-4 Government-5 	said-2 
It is interesting that the U.S. State Department 's annual global human rights report came this year at a time when Washington itself is being sharply criticized by most countries and international human rights organizations for the killing of a large number of innocent civilians in Afghanistan and the torture and inhuman treatment of the Taleban and Al-Qaeda prisoners at its military base at Guantanamo Bay .

His job objectives call for him to do it in 30 .
	him-6	call-4	-nsubj-advcl	him-6 	call-4 for-5 
The U.S. State Department on Monday published its annual report on the status of human rights in other countries in the year 2001 .

The results of an 18-month study completed by Public\ Ventures showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big Brother matches for just one year , reduced first time drug use by 46 % ; lowered school absenteeism by 52 % ; cut aggressive behavior by 33 % ; enhanced school performance ; and improved relations with family and friends .

Moreover , the pressures from advanced countries to get South Korea to cut its greenhouse gas emissions is expected to strengthen .
	Korea-11	expected-19	-dobj-vmod-pobj-prep-nsubjpass	South-10 Korea-11 to-12 cut-13 its-14 greenhouse-15 gas-16 emissions-17 	is-18 expected-19 
Some 500 protesters , among them from KAMMI -LRB- Indonesian Muslim Student Committee -RRB- , breached the barbed wire barricades in front of the embassy , El Shinta radio reported live from the scene around 3:50 p.m. -LRB- 0830 GMT -RRB- Wednesday .

`` We strongly condemn this ghastly and barbaric act of terrorism and wanton destruction of property and the loss of innocent lives .
	act-9	condemn-4	-dobj	this-5 ghastly-6 and-7 barbaric-8 act-9 of-10 terrorism-11 and-12 wanton-13 destruction-14 of-15 property-16 and-17 the-18 loss-19 of-20 innocent-21 lives-22 	strongly-3 condemn-4 
They are the simultaneous ending of the violence and the -LRB- Israeli -RRB- resettlement policy followed by negotiations on the basis of the recent Saudi Arabian proposal and the earlier results of the talks at Camp David and Taba .

At least 34 people have died in political violence this year , almost all of them supporters of the Movement for Democratic Change .

TAIPEI , Sept 27 -LRB- AFP -RRB- -- Taiwan is expected to officially become a full member of the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- in March 2002 , Vice Minister of Economic Affairs Steve Chen said Thursday .
	Taiwan-9	expected-11	-nsubjpass	Taiwan-9 	is-10 expected-11 
But he wanted to sound his voice .
	sound-5	wanted-3	-xcomp	to-4 sound-5 his-6 voice-7 	wanted-3 
Among the eight attacks noted above , it was confirmed that a ransom payment was made in five of the cases .

That charge is based largely on a heavily edited videotape in which Tsvangirai refers to the `` elimination '' of Mugabe .

But for each girl served , more are left unserved .

For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million , or $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million .

Talks between China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- about a free trade area went smoothly , senior officials said yesterday .

According to an April survey of 416 firms across the country conducted by the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry -LRB- KCCI -RRB- , 60 percent of total respondents said the United Nations Framework Convention for Climate Change will greatly influence local firms But only 28.4 percent replied that they are rushing to conform to the protocol 's requirements .

There are many Marthas here , people who marched to ZANU-PF anthems and cheered President Robert Mugabe at rallies , while secretly planning to vote for Mr. Tsvangirai .
	Mugabe-17	cheered-14	-dobj	President-15 Robert-16 Mugabe-17 at-18 rallies-19 	cheered-14 
The carrying out of the operations in Afghanistan and their mistakes have caused unease in the ruling majority 's ranks in Belgium .

One can feel sorry for the hapless vanquished now on that limbo rock in the Caribbean , and hope that some might follow the threads of their tortured consciences back out of the labyrinth , having duly met and been eaten by the Minotaur .

Since Sharon refuses to offer the Palestinians their own state with acceptable borders and conditions , there are two alternatives left .
	offer-5	refuses-3	-xcomp	to-4 offer-5 the-6 Palestinians-7 their-8 own-9 state-10 with-11 acceptable-12 borders-13 and-14 conditions-15 	refuses-3 
The Nigerian government , a key player in Africa 's reaction to events in Zimbabwe , will announce on Thursday its verdict on the elections , Information Minister Jerry Gana said .

Tinkering has left voting procedures so confusing in Harare that even Mugabe and his top aides appeared unsure of where the president was to vote .

According to unofficial reports , between 1961 and 1971 , US aircraft sprayed 72 million liters of toxic chemicals , including 44 million liters of Agent Orange , containing 170 kg of dioxin , in Vietnam .

It is expected to lay a foundation for further bilateral cooperation projects in this field as well as seeking funding for future projects .
	It-1	expected-3	-nsubjpass	It-1 	is-2 expected-3 
African leaders closed ranks at the Commonwealth summit out of fear for their own power , he said .

Involved were two employees , of a local company that had merged with an established Japanese oil-related company , and an Indonesian state-run company .

Foreign debts are around $ 132 billion and poverty is dominating the country like a dangerous virus .

It is quite clear that such baseless accusations are only made to tarnish the image of Iran , since it follows an independent policy and refuses to bow to U.S. domination .
	bow-28	refuses-26	-xcomp	to-27 bow-28 to-29 U.S.-30 domination-31 	refuses-26 
`` In principle , my personal opinion is that we should n't go against the current .
	we-10	opinion-7	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj	we-10 	personal-6 opinion-7 
Chang said after visiting Chinese communities in the United States , New Zealand and Southeast Asia that education and cultural work needs to be further strengthened in the Chinese communities in Southeast Asia .

`` On the basis of observations made during the voting , verification and counting process on the ground and objective realities , the OAU observer team wishes to state that in general the elections were transparent , credible , free and fair , '' the team 's leader Gertrude Mongella said .
	state-29	wishes-27	-xcomp	to-28 state-29 that-30 in-31 general-32 the-33 elections-34 	wishes-27 
Incidentally , the riots also occurred following the IMF 's announcement of Argentina 's debts .

Premier Zhu Rongji and ASEAN leaders agreed at the fifth China-ASEAN leaders ' summit in November to set up a free trade area within 10 years .
	set-18	agreed-7	-xcomp	set-18 up-19 a-20 free-21 trade-22 area-23 within-24 10-25 years-26 	agreed-7 
Medan Merdeka Selatan in Central Jakarta following the protest .

The Nippon Foundation revealed that the number of pirates in Southeast Asia attacking ships for ransom is on rise .

Over 235 girls are currently waiting for a Big Sister .

The basic principles of the Space Treaty 1967 oblige Australia as the launching state to open the possibility of humanitarian cooperation in the field of space endeavor .

Today , we are offering you the opportunity to help change a life .
	help-10	opportunity-8	-vmod	help-10 change-11 a-12 life-13 	the-7 opportunity-8 
The Convention basically sets out the responsibility of the launching state , either jointly or collectively , for the consequences of a launch failure from the time of launching through to the re-entry of a satellite to the Earth 's atmosphere .

The PRL -LRB- Liberal Reform Party -RRB- and the PSC -LRB- Christian Social Party -RRB- opposition party continue to support the strikes but criticize the fact that the humanitarian operations are taking place alongside them .
	strikes-22	support-20	-dobj	the-21 strikes-22 	continue-18 to-19 support-20 
Opposition officials said the claim was part of a government smear campaign .
	claim-5	said-3	-nsubj-ccomp	the-4 claim-5 	said-3 
`` We disapprove of the use of such words in international relations , '' said Kong , who also made the same comment when answering related questions earlier .

Security forces tortured opponents , ruling party militants abducted people , and police arrested opposition supporters who were themselves the victims of crimes .

As Israeli tanks push their way into one Palestinian population center after another it has become more and more difficult to guess what political objectives might be driving Prime Minister Ariel Sharon .

In urban areas , lines snaked for more than a mile and angry voters sometimes tried to push their way into polling booths .

Edward Murchabaiw arrived at a Rushinga polling station at 6 a.m. in a wheelbarrow , his emaciated frame drowing in a faded blue suit-jacket .

`` Australia is not allowed to prevent other states who want to cooperate on its space center .

Indeed , the U.S Administration , which claims to advocate international human rights issues and which tries to play the role of a world policeman , is actually condoning the most atrocious human rights violations committed in the United States itself .
	issues-14	advocate-10	-dobj	international-11 human-12 rights-13 issues-14 	claims-8 to-9 advocate-10 
In order to develop job skills , a man with some serious disabilities begins working in Goodwill 's industrial division .

Xinjiang now also has 33,500 km of highways , with more than 60 air routes linking the region with the outside world .

However , the massive participation of millions of Iranians in the grand rallies on Feb. 11 to mark the anniversary of the victory of the Islamic Revolution and defy U.S. threats against this country once again revealed the emptiness of U.S. charges against Iran .

The Vietnamese Minister called for the establishment of a cooperation forum on the environment which will be held every two years within the Asia-Europe Environment Cooperation Program .

In April , in waters off Sumatra Island , an armed group ambushed a cruise ship .

In the year-earlier period , the company had net of $ 77.2 million , or $ 3.68 a share , and a tax credit of $ 7.7 million .

Now the country 's 5.6 million voters are waiting anxiously for the results of the poll to be announced , although the voting , which was supposed to end Sunday , may stretch on for days .

Although the United States claims to advocate human rights , its harsh treatment of its own citizens and its hegemonic and belligerent policy towards other nations prove that the claim is just empty rhetoric .
	rights-9	advocate-7	-dobj	human-8 rights-9 	claims-5 to-6 advocate-7 
In the case of objections to the Christmas Island space station , Indonesia would need to be able to show that damage that has occurred within its territorial area was caused by space objects launched from the Christmas Island station .

In 2001 , the region 's investment in fixed assets increased 15 percent year on year to 70.6 billion yuan , with investment in technical renovation and real estate development up 23.9 and 65.5 percent , respectively .

It 's hard enough for her to make good decisions when she 's surrounded by support .

Norton and Texas Eastern had each held a 50 % stake in Eastman in a joint venture .

The students believe the U.S. is allied with Israel .
	U.S.-5	believe-3	-nsubjpass-ccomp	the-4 U.S.-5 	believe-3 
But the famous US space center , the Kennedy Space Centre at Cape Canaveral in Florida is located relatively far from the Equator .

On both sides of the divide after that gratuitously destructive event , anything went .

Ramsamy also read a joint statement made on Thursday at the close of a meeting of SADC foreign and finance ministers in Blantyre , Malawi , labeling the terror attacks ghastly and barbaric .
	attacks-30	labeling-27	-nsubj-xcomp	the-28 terror-29 attacks-30 	labeling-27 
The SADC Council of Ministers in a statement appeals to the people of Zimbabwe to accept the results .
	results-18	accept-16	-dobj	the-17 results-18 	to-15 accept-16 
`` I am happy because I finally got to vote , '' says a jubilant Colin Chipepera , after waiting for more than 12 hours in one Harare voting line .
	Chipepera-17	happy-4	-nsubj-ccomp	a-14 jubilant-15 Colin-16 Chipepera-17 	am-3 happy-4 
Indonesia has only adopted one compensation principle , the Absolute Liability principle .

It will also take into account different levels of development between ASEAN countries and China .

Real results .

Moscow , 27 November : Russia intends to modernize and extend the service life of 11 power units in its nuclear power stations by 2005 .
	modernize-9	intends-7	-xcomp	modernize-9 and-10 extend-11 the-12 service-13 life-14 of-15 11-16 power-17 units-18 in-19 its-20 nuclear-21 power-22 stations-23 by-24 2005-25 	intends-7 
Yoshihiko Yamada , domestic division chief of Nippon Foundation 's Department of Marine Affairs said , `` There were very few piracy attacks for ransom on commercial vessels .

Your support helps provide real solutions .

Among the unfounded allegations was the claim that the Islamic Republic enjoys no social base and is an unpopular system because of its human rights violations .
	Republic-11	claim-7	-nsubj-ccomp	the-9 Islamic-10 Republic-11 	claim-7 
This is one of the provisions of the federal program Energy-Efficient Economy that covers the period from 2002 to 2005 and sets guidelines until 2010 , the Government Information Department reported on Tuesday -LRB- 27 November -RRB- .

Foreign diplomats based in Harare said Monday police prevented them from finishing a meeting on Monday with MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai .

A representative of the facilitator of the talks , Hacen Ould Lebatt , told a media conference here that 38 civil society delegates , representing seven of the DRC 's 11 provinces , had already been designated .

Both Castro and Chavez are leftists who see themselves as revolutionary leaders .

At the Bay of Pigs , a CIA-trained force of about 1,500 exiles invaded in an effort to overthrow Castro 's government , which had seized power 28 months before .

