She refused to confirm an April 26 to May 3 visit by Chinese Vice President Hu Jintao to Washington , as reported in the Hong Kong press .
	She-1	refused-2	-nsubj	She-1 	refused-2 
is the sole underwriter for the offering .

Japanese coast guard aircraft and patrol boats were in the area looking for the missing sailor .

One of the rescued sailors died later .

Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 8.18 billion .

But when Suleiman died , his empire , including Jerusalem , began a long period of decline .

Jesus ' s entry into the Temple caused a commotion ; after the Passover dinner he was arrested by the temple priests , who were under direct Roman rule .

The Underwood family said that holders of more than a majority of the stock of the company have approved the transaction by written consent .
	family-3	said-4	-nsubj	The-1 Underwood-2 family-3 	said-4 
- A group of 10 top military officials declare their opposition to Chavez .
	group-3	declare-9	-nsubj	A-2 group-3 of-4 10-5 top-6 military-7 officials-8 	declare-9 their-10 opposition-11 
If any people are going to be moved by the scenes of destruction that involved Manhattan , the World Trade Center , and the Pentagon , it is the Palestinian people .
	people-3	going-5	-nsubj	any-2 people-3 	are-4 going-5 to-6 be-7 moved-8 
In light of Secretary of State Albright 's imminent trip to the middle east , the New York Times , Los Angeles Times and Washington Post emphasize the deteriorating situation there .

Eight other young-looking men , with shaved heads and beards growing , recover in their cots .

The best indicator I can give you of the positive effect our year-round contact has is the growth in and deeds of the Youth Leadership teens .

He said the recovery of arms and ammunition from the place included six AK rifles , 15 magazines and two radio sets .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
The city struggled to rebuild from Crusader wars and invasions .

What is more , the promoting of a constitutional reform plan and carrying out of extensive economic reforms have led to his re-election in July 2000 as the president of Venezuela for a further six year term .

Fleet Hospital 20 has nine patients today .

Anti-smuggling teams in Izmir stopped two buses in Bornova town and captured 108 persons including 28 Turks who wanted to go to Germany , in the buses .

That need is being met .

`` These people are committed terrorists , '' he said .
	he-9	said-10	-nsubj	he-9 	said-10 
Three guards accompany him - one on either side and one behind .

We are waiting to see that international laws are not selective and that they are not applied for political , cultural and ideological considerations .
	We-1	waiting-3	-nsubj	We-1 	are-2 waiting-3 
Within a couple months , he says , the operation will move to another part of Guantanamo called Radio Range , where utilities are more readily available and cells will have cots , air conditioning and toilets .
	he-6	says-7	-nsubj	he-6 	says-7 
Meanwhile a ship was stopped by coast security guards offshore Aliaga .

WASHINGTON , Jan. 22 - Frustrated by an international outcry over the American treatment of prisoners in Cuba , Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld defended the United States ' conduct at length today and dismissed the criticism as breathless armchair hyperbole .
	international-9	outcry-10	-amod	international-9 	outcry-10 	Secretary-20	defended-26	-nsubj	Secretary-20 of-21 Defense-22 Donald-23 H.-24 Rumsfeld-25 	defended-26 
Thaksin will leave Thailand on Thursday to visit Hainan Island in southern China to attend the first meeting of the two-day Boao Forum for Asia , which starts Friday .

The Temple Mount was identified in Islamic tradition as `` the farthest spot '' -LRB- in Arabic , el-aksa -RRB- , the site to which the Prophet Muhammad was transported in one night from Mecca on a winged horse , as described in the 17th chapter of the Koran .

This is the ultimate objective of the Convention to which the US has subscribed .
	US-12	subscribed-14	-nsubj	the-11 US-12 	has-13 subscribed-14 
PRESIDENT GEORGE Bush 's National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice has recently `` defined '' the context and scope of the term `` axis of evil '' that Bush used in his State of the Union address a few weeks ago to describe Iraq , Iran and North Korea .
	Bush-28	used-29	-nsubj	Bush-28 	used-29 in-30 his-31 State-32 
In addition , GM 's North American vehicle production fell 8.4 % from a year ago , which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings , a company spokesman said .
	spokesman-27	said-28	-nsubj	a-25 company-26 spokesman-27 	said-28 
One soldier handles a captive like a mannequin - moving him back , forward , and to the side - before lifting him straight off his feet and onto one of two waiting buses .

is here to support your valuable efforts to develop young people .

The core of the matter is not in the method that Israel is using to crush the Palestinian moves and confiscate the will of the Palestinian people for liberation and independence .

There are many countries in the world that hardly qualify as pluralistic democracies .

The LAT , for instance , examines what it takes to be a new `` cuddly-feely '' Britain born of the national grief experience .

`` Michel ! Michel ! '' yells a doctor still in her operating clothes .

However , for Israel to take advantage of the US tragedy to claim that it is standing in one ditch with the United States against the violence of terrorism , this is a twisted logic .

DIG is the vehicle being used to pursue to acquisition .

For the next 19 years , Jerusalem was two cities .

The right-wing Peronist party Partido Justicialista -LRB- Justice Party -RRB- has won the elections of Sunday 14th October for the Argentine Senate and Chamber of Deputies with an absolute majority .

The China-ASEAN free-trade area would be the world 's largest with a combined market of nearly 1.8 billion people , a regional gross domestic product of US$ 2 trillion and international trade worth $ 1.2 trillion .

The representative of Eritrea said globalization was not only threatening to further marginalize the developing world and alienate its masses , it was also hampering the ability to exercise the rights and duties enshrined in numerous international human rights instruments , including the right to development .
	representative-2	said-5	-nsubj	The-1 representative-2 of-3 Eritrea-4 	said-5 
In simpler terms , the interests of the United States are always above everything else , not only above the sovereignty of other nations , but also above the so-called values of `` democracy '' and `` human rights '' that the US always likes to dwell on .
	US-43	likes-45	-nsubj	the-42 US-43 	always-44 likes-45 
The two colonels would not have been acting on their own .

Saturday , April 13 : In Washington , the Organization of American States says it is prepared to apply against Venezuela a charter requiring sanctions for any member that abandons democracy .
	Organization-10	says-14	-nsubj	the-9 Organization-10 of-11 American-12 States-13 	says-14 	it-15	prepared-17	-nsubj	it-15 	is-16 prepared-17 
What happened in Bosnia Herzegovina is being repeated on a larger scale in various parts of the occupied Palestinian territories .

QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one-eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
	QVC-1	agreed-2	-nsubj	QVC-1 	agreed-2 
The Venezuelan president was officially welcomed at Mehrabad International Airport by Minister of Mines and Metals , Eshaq Jahangiri .
	president-3	welcomed-6	-nsubjpass	The-1 Venezuelan-2 president-3 	was-4 officially-5 welcomed-6 
In 629 , Jerusalem was recaptured by the Byzantines .

`` We 're not holding any lengthy debates with them or anything , '' Campion says .
	Campion-15	says-16	-nsubj	Campion-15 	says-16 
Representatives said that the right to development was one of two major preconditions to ensure the universal protection and promotion of human rights , a press release of the committee said .
	Representatives-1	said-2	-nsubj	Representatives-1 	said-2 
The Bush administration 's support for the Venezuelan putschists is testament to this .
	administration-3	support-5	-poss	The-1 Bush-2 administration-3 	support-5 
Israel seems to think that this tactic will circumvent the Palestinian move toward independence and will put an end to the Palestinian intifadah by surrounding the areas of tension and dealing with them separately .
	Israel-1	seems-2	-nsubj	Israel-1 	seems-2 to-3 think-4 
Some are underweight , others are missing toes , fingers and limbs .

Details are awaited .

Jerusalem submitted peaceably to the rule of the Greeks in 332 b.c. under Alexander the Great and , subsequently , to his Hellenistic successors as well as the Egyptian Ptolomeys and the Syrian Seleucids .

`` With the rapid spread of globalization and economic expansion , the situation for poor countries was deteriorating with each passing day , '' Shen said .
	Shen-25	said-26	-nsubj	Shen-25 	said-26 
The Bible describes how David ' s soldiers conquered Jerusalem by discovering a water tunnel under the walls and using it to take the city by surprise .

How odd -- and a good illustration of how trying to shoe-horn in a `` witty '' headline can drive you into an idea that does n't fit or is undeserved .

America was trying to guarantee the flow of Venezuelan crude oil to itself by overthrowing Chavez and the seizing of power in the Venezuelan presidential palace by the dependent generals .
	America-1	trying-3	-nsubj	America-1 	was-2 trying-3 to-4 guarantee-5 
On the contrary , the Kyoto Protocol requires most industrialised countries to achieve absolute emission reductions , while they still foresee to have growing economies .

West Jerusalem , separated from the rest of the new Jewish nation , held out under siege for several months until Israeli forces secured a land corridor connecting the city to the coastal areas .

For the rest of the world , however , the story already confirms the suspicions that the Bush administration is hell-bent on eliminating its enemies by whatever means possible , legal or illegal .

The city is not mentioned again in the Bible until the time of the great poet warrior , King David , who captured the city from the Jebusites in about 1000 b.c. .

This tribunal will be responsible for trying war criminals .

fell 3.1 % .

Jews were evacuated from the Old City ' s Jewish Quarter , and thousands of Arab families fled their homes in West Jerusalem .

The end of David ' s dynasty came in 587 b.c. , when Nebuchadnezzar , King of Babylon , invaded Judah to lay siege to Jerusalem .

Israel says that it carried out this tactic in Bethlehem and Bayt Jala , or so it claims , and yesterday , it claimed that it carried out the same tactic in Qalqiliyah when the Palestinian security forces returned to the three centers that had been re-occupied by the invading Israeli forces .
	Israel-1	says-2	-nsubj	Israel-1 	says-2 
The EU is determined to proceed with ratification of the Kyoto Protocol by June 2002 in view of entry into force by the time of the World Summit on Sustainable Development .
	EU-2	determined-4	-nsubjpass	The-1 EU-2 	is-3 determined-4 
GMAC said its automotive financing and leasing business rose 35 % in the U.S. , largely because of dealer and customer incentives used to boost sales .
	GMAC-1	said-2	-nsubj	GMAC-1 	said-2 
The two presidents expressed a mutual desire to meet in the near future .
	presidents-3	expressed-4	-nsubj	The-1 two-2 presidents-3 	expressed-4 a-5 mutual-6 desire-7 
If this is the case , Rice could have elaborated more precise criteria for membership in the `` axis of evil , '' by establishing more clearly the connection between the nature of the regime and the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction .

That 's why they declared the reoccupied Palestinian cities closed military areas into which media people are not allowed .
	they-4	declared-5	-nsubj	they-4 	declared-5 
According to New York Times , the United States is inclined to put friendly faces in the Presidential Palace of Latin American nations , no matter whether or not these faces are wearing army uniforms .
	States-9	inclined-11	-nsubj	the-7 United-8 States-9 	is-10 inclined-11 
Under terms of the agreement , shareholders other than the Underwoods will receive $ 3,500 a share at closing , which is expected in December .

Ever since he came to power , Chavez had refused to accept America 's biding and had called on Washington on numerous occasions to stop intervening in his country .
	Chavez-8	refused-10	-nsubj	Chavez-8 	had-9 refused-10 to-11 accept-12 
Both reveal that Tony Blair had conferred with Diana about a goodwill ambassador job shortly before her death , and USAT reports that Le Figaro says a dying Diana gave two crash witnesses a message for her family and children .
	Figaro-25	says-26	-nsubj	Le-24 Figaro-25 	says-26 
`` They do ask me what 's going to happen .
	They-2	ask-4	-nsubj	They-2 	do-3 ask-4 
`` To give standing under a Geneva Convention to a terrorist organization that 's not a country is something that I think some of the lawyers who did not drop out of law school as I did worry about as a precedent , '' he said .
	I-21	think-22	-nsubj	I-21 	think-22 	he-45	said-46	-nsubj	he-45 	said-46 
Other than that , nothing will count .

`` People should be at the center of social and economic development efforts .

GMAC profits are combined with earnings from the rest of GM 's operations and attributed to the company 's traditional common stock .

The temple was demolished and a vast , Classical-style church was built around Golgotha -LRB- the hill where Jesus ' s crucifixion was believed to have taken place -RRB- .

The 20-bed hospital is a high-tech , air-conditioned white tent which looks like a futuristic movie set , with low ceilings , fluorescent lighting , and padded white walls , floors and ceilings .

As for her wording regarding acquisition of weapons , what is particularly noteworthy is the use of the words `` aggressively seeking '' nuclear , biological or chemical weapons .

They returned to live in the Galilee village of Nazareth , making pilgrimages to Jerusalem .

The world , he says , has to be involved in the struggle against those who seek to attack and destroy law and order and legitimate government .
	he-4	says-5	-nsubj	he-4 	says-5 
He says that with the start of the Muslim month of pilgrimage , during which the faithful journey to the holy city of Mecca , he detects more anxiety in the camp .
	He-1	says-2	-nsubj	He-1 	says-2 	he-26	detects-27	-nsubj	he-26 	detects-27 
Apparently not .

`` It must be freaky , '' chimes in her colleague .

After a 25-hour flight of mostly sitting , the prisoners hobble along as the Marines , who look twice as big , walk them out and frisk them .

- The commander of Venezuela 's paratrooper brigade - Chavez 's old unit - refuses to recognize orders of the interim government .

It does not leave any city or town except after reaching what it calls a security agreement with the Palestinian side for a cease-fire in that particular city or town .

The Iranian president also expressed the hope that with the return of President Chavez the Venezuelan government would be able to achieve its exalted objectives with the support of the people .
	president-3	expressed-5	-nsubj	The-1 Iranian-2 president-3 	expressed-5 the-6 hope-7 
And their activities are n't isolated to Jameson .

As a chaplain we approach them as a human being .

At the end , the Roman general Titus laid siege to Jerusalem in a.d. 70 , finally attacking its starved and weakened defenders .

GCEP , an agency operating under the Ministry of Municipal and Rural Affairs and the Environment , is the country 's point of reference for environmental pacts .

In the recovery room , the patient 's body starts trembling .

Much of the continuing Diana coverage is spinning off into the realm of meta - and meta-meta-pieces .

He ca n't make a plan .
	He-1	make-4	-nsubj	He-1 	ca-2 n't-3 make-4 
On this morning , U.S. Navy hospital corpsman Shuron Jerome , 19 , of Houston is poring over a box of Valentines sent to Guantanamo by schoolchildren in Pennsylvania .

Mr. Rumsfeld said the Pentagon 's clear priority with the prisoners was to extract information from them to prevent future attacks .
	Rumsfeld-2	said-3	-nsubj	Mr.-1 Rumsfeld-2 	said-3 
Thaksin will also meet with Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and South Korean Prime Minister Lee Han Dong on the sidelines of the conference before leaving for home Friday evening .

The proposals by President Bush may represent a first step in the right direction , where also economic operators in the US are asked to contribute to emission control .

Such a political framework would lay the firm foundations for a comprehensive peace based on justice and recognition of the legitimate national rights of the Palestinian people .

Moreover , the American Secretary of State `` Powell '' also has recently announced in his annual report to the American Congress that taking into account Hugo Chavez 's closeness to countries that are not dependent on America , he is not considered to be a trustworthy pawn in the Latin American region .
	he-40	considered-43	-nsubjpass	he-40 	is-41 not-42 considered-43 
Besides , they also claimed that Chavez `` had only himself to blame '' for the coup .
	they-3	claimed-5	-nsubj	they-3 	claimed-5 
Tehran , Oct 21 , IRNA -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , heading a high-ranking delegation , arrived here on Sunday on a one-day official visit to the country .

The ship was heading to the southern Taiwan city Kaohsiung with a cargo of steel products that was loaded in the South Korean port Pohang .

While the world is busy following the news of the attacks on the US targets and feeling sorry for these acts , Israel carried out an incursion into Janin and the neighboring villages , bombarded more Palestinian internal security sites , demolished more homes in East Jerusalem , and killed an additional number of Palestinian activists and non-activists , including an 11-year-old girl .

This special meeting was initiated by the United States , with only one single goal to fulfill , that is , instigating OPCW member states to vote out Bustani .

One group of adults and one group of youth , through two very different processes , have arrived at the same conclusion ; our community still has much to do if we are to help ALL of your youth successfully develop into the responsible , productive adults who will our community in the future .

This was the response by the Israeli army to the demand made by the Russian Orthodox Church to leave the Pilgrim 's House so as not to undermine the peacekeeping mission of the Moscow Patriarchy in the Holy Land .

Tehran , April 20 , IRNA -- President Mohammad Khatami on Friday evening congratulated the Venezuelan government and nation for the victory and restoration of the legitimate government of President Hugo Chavez after a failed military coup in that country .
	Khatami-10	congratulated-14	-nsubj	President-8 Mohammad-9 Khatami-10 	congratulated-14 
The inevitable result of this tactic -- if it succeeds in temporarily calming down the situation -- is that it will take back conditions to their former state of tension after the withdrawals are completed from all the Palestinian cities .

And not just during the summer , but throughout the year .

As the detention camp reaches capacity , reporters are invited to watch the interplay between detainees , guards and doctors .
	reporters-8	invited-10	-nsubjpass	reporters-8 	are-9 invited-10 
Wolfowitz expressed concern about China 's continuing deployment of forces and tactical missiles to areas across the straits from Taiwan .
	Wolfowitz-1	expressed-2	-nsubj	Wolfowitz-1 	expressed-2 concern-3 
But now they do pretty much as directed .

The elected president of the people of Venezuela , `` Hugo Chavez '' -LRB- punctuation as published here and throughout -RRB- , has once more taken up the reins of power at the presidential palace in Caracas .

If true , this is an ironic name for a city that would become one of the most constantly and bitterly embattled places on the face of the earth .

An international tribunal for war crimes has been established in Rome and started its works officially last Thursday with the approval of more than 60 countries .

`` The Taiwan issue is the most important and sensitive issue at the core of Sino-US relations , '' she said at the biweekly ministry briefing .
	she-20	said-21	-nsubj	she-20 	said-21 
While debate raged elsewhere , Britain and Spain supported the United States .
	Britain-6	supported-9	-nsubj	Britain-6 and-7 Spain-8 	supported-9 
The bulk of the work includes blast and gunshot wounds from the war in Afghanistan .

Last Wednesday , the 10th flight from Kandahar to the southeastern tip of Cuba arrived , bringing the total number of detainees at Camp X-Ray to 288 .

Since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks in New York and Washington , investors across the world have been mired in uncertainties , Chen said , adding that should the war against Afghanistan not spread too much , the impact on the global economy will be limited .
	Chen-23	said-24	-nsubj	Chen-23 	said-24 
Recently , through a lot of hard work and alliances with organizations like yours , some steps have been taken in our community that will help young people continue to be involved in positive activities .

Meanwhile , Humvees mounted with .50 - caliber machine guns and 40mm grenade launchers take their positions .

Suleiman the Magnificent rebuilt the walls and gates in the form they retain to this day .

In 1903 , the U.S. government signed a lease with the Republic of Cuba .
	government-6	signed-7	-nsubj	the-4 U.S.-5 government-6 	signed-7 
Along with this splendid house of worship , Solomon built a royal palace , mansions for his wives , temples for the foreign gods worshipped by the princesses he had married , and towers for the defense of the capital .

In the Chamber of Deputies , the PJ will have 116 of the 257 members , 17 more than the last election .

Within minutes the lumbering , gray C-141B Starlifter flies low over the tarmac and over a patch of palm trees , as if part of an annual air show .

Not everyone in Calcutta , or India for that matter , is unanimous in praising the nun , whose organization was able to raise millions of dollars worldwide but made virtually no significant changes in the social structure of this collapsing city 's poor neighborhoods .

He initiated a successful Caracas OPEC summit in September 2000 , the second in the 40-year existence of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries .

The guards mostly communicate with the prisoners via simple English commands and hand signals .

In March 2001 , the US administration opposed the protocol by saying that it contravenes US economic interests , a decision slammed by European Union countries at the time .
	administration-7	opposed-8	-nsubj	the-5 US-6 administration-7 	opposed-8 
- Top military leaders say their support of Carmona is conditional upon his respecting democratic institutions and allowing Chavez to leave Venezuela freely .
	their-6	support-7	-poss	their-6 	support-7 	leaders-4	say-5	-nsubj	military-3 leaders-4 	say-5 
Chavez was brought back to the Venezuelan presidential palace detained after the coup and thereafter resumed his functions as president .

Chavez , whose mandate was due to end in 2006 , was forced out of office by the country 's armed forces who blamed him for the deaths of 15 people during demonstrations in the streets of central Caracas against an opposition protest which later became violent .
	forces-22	blamed-24	-rcmod	the-18 country-19 's-20 armed-21 forces-22 	blamed-24 
David L. Koffman , president and chief executive officer of Jayark , holds about 40 % of Kofcoh , Jayark said .

The Christians , however , could not hold the city .

For lunch , it 's pasta or vegetable stew , dry cereal including Froot Loops , a box of raisins , two granola bars , a bag of chips , and bag of peanuts and water .

The hospital is several miles from Camp X-Ray , off Recreation Road .

The Second Temple was finished in 515 b.c. , but much of the city still lay in ruins .

The Dome of the Rock remains Jerusalem ' s most striking monument ; it is counted among the most beautiful buildings ever created .

The `` intensity target '' proposed allows for further increases in absolute emissions and is not sufficient to effectively fight climate change .

The Palestinian people and the entire Arab World are waiting for a proof that international law protects human beings in general regardless of their color , ethnicity and religion .
	people-3	waiting-10	-nsubj	The-1 Palestinian-2 people-3 and-4 the-5 entire-6 Arab-7 World-8 	are-9 waiting-10 
Friday , April 12 : Army commander General Efrain Vazquez announces that Chavez wants to resign .
	Chavez-13	wants-14	-nsubj	Chavez-13 	wants-14 
Two militants were killed in an encounter with the troops\ -LRB- Special Operations Group -RRB- at Dhok Wali -LRB- Poonch -RRB- during the preceding night .

This spells serious trouble for Bush .

This is while before Chavez , Venezuela used to be called the `` errant member '' within OPEC , a member that would follow less the concerted decisions of OPEC and observe less its own quotas .

The strike is later made indefinite .

which imports furniture and other items .

He reigned from 37 to 4 b.c. , during which time he fortified the Hasmonean wall and rebuilt the defense towers beside Jaffa Gate , the foundation of which still stand .

Turkey vultures hover over thick brush and scraggly hills .

These days , the Israeli government is adopting a relatively new tactic regarding its plan to withdraw from the Palestinian cities and towns that it had re-occupied more than three weeks ago .
	its-14	plan-15	-poss	its-14 	plan-15 
Tuesday , April 9 : Venezuela 's largest trade union joins a strike by managers at the country 's massive state-run oil company , demanding the resignation of a new board of directors appointed by President Hugo Chavez .
	union-10	joins-11	-dep-appos-nsubj	Venezuela-6 's-7 largest-8 trade-9 union-10 	joins-11 
By 2005 , the EU intends to implement a cap-and-trade system covering 46 % of all CO2 emissions in 2010 .
	EU-5	intends-6	-nsubj	the-4 EU-5 	intends-6 
Another child , no more than 3 or 4 , plays on a gym set , with a young woman keeping a watchful eye .

All these are eyesores to the United States .

side of the GM Hughes unit .

This being the case , it would be better for both Israel and the Palestinians to have an immediate and parallel Israeli withdrawal from all the occupied parts of several Palestinian cities .

With all the horrific news that has been coming out of the occupied territories recently and now the shocking swing to the extreme right in the French presidential elections with its threat to France 's ethic and religious minorities , virtually no attention has been paid to the reported discovery that two serving US Army officers were involved in the recent failed coup against Venezuela 's president Hugo Chavez .

The train will cover the 3,300-kilometer route to Tehran through Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , Turkmenistan and Iran in 68 hours .

Most of them sleep .

When it fell , the Temple and all the buildings were burned .

This has led , says the Journal , to annual compensation rising 5-6 percent a year .

The Clinton era turns out to have been merely an interlude .

In over-the-counter trading Friday , Jayark was quoted at 87.5 cents bid , down 15.625 cents .

`` We were all watching television Sept. 11 , '' he says .
	he-11	says-12	-nsubj	he-11 	says-12 
In recent years , Chavez caused OPEC oil policies to be strengthened in the face of the positions adopted by oil consumers .

Unlike other parts of the base , the camp does not have a pretty setting .

The government urges supporters to back Chavez .
	government-2	urges-3	-nsubj	The-1 government-2 	urges-3 	supporters-4	back-6	-nsubj	supporters-4 	to-5 back-6 
19\ Almaty - Tashkent - Turkmenabad - Seraks - Meshked - Tehran departed from Almaty-2 station on Thursday evening .

The Holy City remained a backwater until the 19th century , when renewed interest among Christian pilgrims made it the destination of thousands of travelers each year .

`` The second crucial element , maintaining international peace and security , was also emphasized as the Committee continued its debate on human rights questions , including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms , '' it said .
	its-20	debate-21	-poss	its-20 	debate-21 on-22 
Coup making might have been acceptable during the Cold War .

The EU is of the opinion that a cap-and-trade system is a cost-effective measure to reduce emissions which combines a guaranteed environmental result with the flexibility to reduce emissions where it is least costly .
	EU-2	is-3	-nsubj	The-1 EU-2 	is-3 of-4 the-5 opinion-6 
Carmona is arrested along with his cabinet and general staff .

The rule , as far as human rights are concerned , is that every nation which does not enjoy pluralistic democracy is violating human rights and is therefore oppressive .

In an exchange of fire between the militants and troops at Sadnara , Panzalla in Varmul district today , a civilian Fayaz Ahmad Mir was killed .

But the ideas and mystique that have always made this an extraordinarily special place rise above the ebbing and flowing concerns of present-day Jerusalem as it continues to tug at the world ' s attention into the new millennium .

When Jesus was born in about 4 b.c. , Joseph and Mary escaped Herod ' s paranoia by fleeing into Egypt with the new-born infant .

By about 715 , the El-Aksa Mosque , third holiest place of prayer in Islam -LRB- after Mecca and Medina -RRB- , had been built on the southern side of the Temple Mount .

According to biblical accounts , Jesus spent his life ministering in the Galilee Valley .

Police have taken cognizance .

`` Wish you could be with your family , '' one child has written .

Moreover , in its posturing with respect to this country , America declared that democracy had been victorious in Venezuela .
	America-12	declared-13	-nsubj	America-12 	declared-13 	its-4	posturing-5	-poss	its-4 	posturing-5 
Much of the best Islamic architecture in the city was constructed in the Mameluke era , but the past thousand years had taken their toll : Jerusalem was unable to regain the prosperity it had enjoyed in earlier times .

Still , it provides a bit of drama .

To the United States , what Bustani wanted to do was even more intolerable , as it would disrupt the US plan of launching a military strike against Iraq .
	Bustani-7	wanted-8	-nsubj	Bustani-7 	wanted-8 
Nobody who has a live conscience and human feelings , whether he is Palestinian or otherwise , could not have been moved by these events and expressed sympathy for the families of the US victims , regardless of the US political stances that are totally biased to Israel and Israel 's use of the most advanced US weapons to curb the Palestinian intifadah .

Moreover , the US is the first and only nation ever to deploy such weapons .

Current emission projections for the US indicate an increase of 39 % above 1990 levels in 2012 .

Salvation -- hers and that of the destitute she rescued from the gutters -- was her aim , not economic or social development as many others understand it , she said .

This is something that the American officials have acknowledged on many occasions .
	officials-7	acknowledged-9	-nsubj	the-5 American-6 officials-7 	have-8 acknowledged-9 
- Business leader Pedro Carmona replaces Chavez as the new President , dissolves the National Assembly , dismisses the Supreme Court , revokes 49 controversial Chavez decrees and announces Presidential elections in one year .

A day later , another 12 came , effectively filling the camp to capacity .

Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917 , supporting the idea of a Jewish `` national home '' in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non-Jewish people already living there .

Base officials suspect that the people already in custody pass the word along to the new arrivals that they will be treated okay .
	officials-2	suspect-3	-nsubj	Base-1 officials-2 	suspect-3 
Mr. Rumsfeld said it was `` probably unfortunate '' that the photographs were released , at least without an explanation .
	Rumsfeld-2	said-3	-nsubj	Mr.-1 Rumsfeld-2 	said-3 
Chavez is a staunch supporter of oil production cuts in order to boost prices in the world market .

The immigrants had paid money to smugglers to go to Greece .

`` Contrary to some media reports , Israeli soldiers are not storming into the church , but they have to respond to continual fire by Palestinian snipers , who have taken positions near the church , '' the press service said .

Modern neighborhoods , hospitals , schools , and the Hebrew University were built in West Jerusalem , the new Jewish enclave .

Fountains , inns , religious schools , and barracks were constructed .

Jerusalem fell to the Ottomans in 1517 , remaining under their control for 400 years .

Chinese missile tests over Taiwan in 1996 resulted in Washington deploying two aircraft carrier battle groups to the region .

Down the back ramp of the mammoth aircraft , the guards slowly unload the latest detainees from the war in Afghanistan , 34 altogether .

The ship 's crew consisted of 11 Chinese , one Taiwanese , two Indonesians and six Myanmarese .

The deceased , a shopkeeper by profession was abducted by unidentified gunmen from his house during the preceding night .

When the cargo jet finally lands , approaching the landing strip from the west , the noise is deafening .

ASEAN comprises Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam .

Jesus was put on trial quickly and condemned to crucifixion , a Roman form of execution for political and religious dissidents as well as for common criminals .

can not do its part without the support of organizations like yours .

This is why one can not dismiss the effects of the intensification of the Middle East crisis , Iraq 's initiative in using crude oil as a political weapon against Washington and the debate on an extensive oil embargo against the supporters of Israel on the events of the past few days in Venezuela as well as America 's support for the putschists there .

But they had been told that Chavez , whose friendship with Libya , Iraq and Cuba has angered Washington , should only be replaced by legitimate , constitutional means ; the US would not support a coup .
	US-32	support-35	-nsubj	the-31 US-32 	would-33 not-34 support-35 
However , mandatory monitoring and reporting of emissions at company level would be necessary to adequately assess whether the proposals by President Bush represent an effort comparable to the ones under the Kyoto Protocol .

Concertina wire and nine guard towers surround Camp X-Ray .

According to biblical tradition , although David bought the land for the Temple and carefully assembled its building materials , he was deemed unworthy of constructing the Temple because he was a man of war with blood on his hands .
	he-21	deemed-23	-nsubjpass	he-21 	was-22 deemed-23 
The EU welcomes the fact that the Bush administration has now completed its policy review and has put forward what the US intends to do in terms of domestic climate change policy .
	EU-2	welcomes-3	-nsubj	The-1 EU-2 	welcomes-3 	US-22	intends-23	-nsubj	the-21 US-22 	intends-23 
But with his death the empire collapsed , and the Israelite kingdom was divided into two separate , impoverished , often warring nations : Israel , with its capital at Shechem in the north , ruled by a series of northern dynasties ; and the smaller kingdom of Judah , with its capital at Jerusalem , from which the Davidic dynasty continued to rule .

The rock on the Temple Mount from which he ascended , at or close to the site of the ruined Temple , was commemorated by the construction of the Dome of the Rock in 691 .

`` China has always resolutely opposed any form of official exchanges or military intercourse between the United States and Taiwan , '' Zhang said .
	China-2	opposed-6	-nsubj	China-2 	has-3 always-4 resolutely-5 opposed-6 	Zhang-23	said-24	-nsubj	Zhang-23 	said-24 
Enclosed is a donation card that will enable you to make Indianapolis a great place for ALL of us to live .

- Chavez orders a suspension of broadcasts by private television networks opposed to him .
	networks-11	opposed-12	-vmod	private-9 television-10 networks-11 	opposed-12 
The ship is believed to carry illegal immigrants .
	ship-2	believed-4	-nsubjpass	The-1 ship-2 	is-3 believed-4 
The fact that a right-wing party has conquered an absolute majority in Argentina proves the desperation of the people , although 41 % of the population voted with spoiled or void votes .

All other countries which are seemingly refraining from acquiring such weapons are doing so not so much to escape being branded as `` evil '' but rather because they have neither the knowledge nor the money to join the `` nuclear club '' .

Given that Ms. Williams ' parents are rather protective of her and that she is a black in a still pretty-lilly-white sport , do n't be surprised if there 's a bit of a complaint about this .
	parents-6	protective-9	-nsubj	Ms.-3 Williams-4 '-5 parents-6 	are-7 rather-8 protective-9 
YL teens will make J.C. juniors happen again this year for 7 and 8 year old campers .

For four years Jewish zealots fought against the might of Rome .

That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion .

Just the other day , however , a surgeon took out the eye of a patient who had suffered a sports injury when he was younger .

It -- and the opposition Democrats , still smarting at his election victory -- will dig for dirt as long it takes .

The growth of the base has left Camp X-Ray surprisingly close to a suburban-style military community of beige , green and yellow houses in subdivisions with names like Caribbean Circle and West Iguana .

Zhang further expressed alarm over Washington 's announcement Wednesday that defense department officials will soon visit Taiwan to discuss the sale of eight diesel electric submarines .
	Zhang-1	expressed-3	-nsubj	Zhang-1 	expressed-3 alarm-4 
Even excluding the charge , however , net fell 5 % .

They must have been under orders -- orders stretching all the way back to the Oval Office .

This is , in fact , the fear of all countries , as they feel that democratic regimes are more restrained and responsible when it comes to resorting to weapons of mass destruction .
	they-14	feel-15	-nsubj	they-14 	feel-15 
Talking about it and about its possible use are several months old and , more exactly , they have been going on since the Israeli Government headed by Ari'el Sharon came to power about nine months ago .

It is not clear why the United States has not officially designated the detainees as prisoners of war , especially since Mr. Rumsfeld said they are essentially being treated as such .

Jerusalem ' s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished , but its spiritual power for Jews , and for the struggling new Christian religion , remained .

March 14 -LRB- Interfax-Kazakhstan -RRB- - A railroad link opened between Almaty and Tehran when train No. .

You bet .
	You-1	bet-2	-nsubj	You-1 	bet-2 
For all his accomplishments , Herod was nevertheless hated by his subjects ; he taxed , he tortured , and he ordered the massacre of male Jewish infants in an attempt to do away with the heralded Messiah .

Scholars speculate that Shalim might have been an ancient Semitic deity of peace , for the name resembles the modern Hebrew and Arabic words for `` peace '' : shalom and salaam , respectively .
	Scholars-1	speculate-2	-nsubj	Scholars-1 	speculate-2 
Jerusalem ' s mayor , Teddy Kollek , spent the next 25 years orchestrating a vast program of development , adding new cultural institutions and parks and instituting neighborhood restoration projects while tirelessly me diating the concerns of Jerusalem ' s many communities .

But lacking the means to enforce its decision , the United Nations was powerless to halt the fighting that erupted as the British withdrew their troops in 1948 .
	its-7	decision-8	-poss	its-7 	decision-8 
In line with a memorandum signed by the Iranian , Kazakh , Kyrgyz , Tajik , Turkish , Turkmen and Uzbek railroad administrations in Baku on October 31 , 2001 , the link will be extended to Istanbul when a railroad is built around Lake Van .

Jayark , New York , distributes and rents audio-visual equipment and prints promotional ads for retailers .

said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals .

The tragic and shocking events that shook the United States , destroying a number of its economic , urban , and military landmarks , have aroused grief and sorrow worldwide .

The American flag is everywhere - painted on the guard towers , flying high in front of the facility .

And yet , officials at Guantanamo have said that no interrogation has taken place on the base and that the prisoners do not have lawyers .

The courtyard around the Temple was expanded to accommodate hundreds of thousands of pilgrims , and the Temple Mount was shored up by retaining walls made with great stone blocks .

President Chavez thanked President Khatami for his telephone call and wished success for the Iranian government and nation .
	Chavez-2	thanked-3	-nsubj	President-1 Chavez-2 	thanked-3 
The warden at Camp X-Ray , Col. Terry Carrico , said he was determined at all times to maintain what he called `` positive control '' over the prisoners .
	he-12	determined-14	-nsubjpass	he-12 	was-13 determined-14 	he-21	called-22	-nsubj	he-21 	called-22 
GM Class E , which represents a dividend interest in EDS profit , fell 75 cents to $ 52.25 on the Big Board .

The ruins of Jerusalem were briefly liberated , but , in the end , Jewish resistance to Rome was defeated with great loss of life .

`` Promoting and strengthening human rights and democracy throughout the world was an integral part of the multilateral war on terrorism '' .

This is for prisoners needing medical attention , as a fair number do .

`` They 're in legal limbo , '' said Michael F. Noone , professor of military law at Catholic University .
	Noone-12	said-9	-nsubj	Michael-10 F.-11 Noone-12 	said-9 
Chavez may be a petty-minded populist who had done great damage to his country 's economy ; but he is also the legitimately elected president of Venezuela .

Even if it finally turns out that the two colonels were operating without the knowledge and approval of the White House , it will be a disaster for Bush .

The finance unit attributed the decline to higher borrowing costs compared with a year earlier .

We expect the World Community to take a step toward referring the Israeli criminals of war to the permanent tribunal for war crimes .
	We-1	expect-2	-nsubj	We-1 	expect-2 
In the nine months , EDS earned $ 315.8 million , or $ 2.62 a share , up 13 % from $ 280.7 million , or $ 2.30 a share .

Americans will want to know who exactly is running their country .

The planned new Roman city , Aelia Capitolina , was built over the ruins of Herodian Jerusalem , and Jews were barred from residing there for all time .

In 701 b.c. the Assyrian armies of Sennacherib destroyed Israel and moved southward to besiege Jerusalem .

With the signing of the protocol , he said , GCEP hopes to attract more funding to contribute to the international community 's efforts in reducing greenhouse gases , which trap heat in the earth 's atmosphere thus causing climate change .
	GCEP-11	hopes-12	-nsubj	GCEP-11 	hopes-12 	he-8	said-9	-nsubj	he-8 	said-9 
The cameraman continues filming while a nurse covers the patient 's face .

The Macabbees cleansed the Temple of Hellenistic idols and the blood of pagan sacrifices ; the eight-day celebration of Hanukkah -LRB- Feast of Dedication -RRB- commemorates their victory .

`` The role of chaplain is unique , '' Saiful-Islam says .
	Saiful-Islam-10	says-11	-nsubj	Saiful-Islam-10 	says-11 
His comments came as criticism swelled from abroad .
	His-1	comments-2	-poss	His-1 	comments-2 
He said the prisoners had been photographed in a holding area just before their restraints were removed and they were put in their cages .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
While calm has returned to Fleet Hospital 20 , officials elsewhere on the base are bracing for what they say may be inevitable : the death of one of the detainees .

It is very important for the United States to realize the difference between the US and Israeli cases .

The identity of the slain militants could not be ascertained .

The medical staff relies on linguists to help communicate with the patients , but they 've also come up with their own inventions , such as a longhand list of English phrases and their Arabic counterparts .

The earliest name associated with the city , Ur usalim , perhaps meant `` city of Shalim '' or `` founded by Shalim .

The scenes of destruction reminded the Palestinian people of the ongoing devastation and the Palestinians who are falling victim to the Israeli acts of bombardment , targeted assassinations , and incursions into Palestinian towns and villages , including Bayt Jala , Gaza , Khan Yunus , Rafah , Janin , Tulkarm , Ramlallah , Jericho , Nabulus , and others .

When they 're done , they 're assigned to the cells in which they will begin their new lives .

That contract , extended indefinitely in 1934 , can be broken only by mutual agreement .
	mutual-14	agreement-15	-amod	mutual-14 	agreement-15 
Referring to the objective of those who were behind the military coup in Venezuela , Chavez said they wwanted to have Venezuela come out from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries -LRB- OPEC -RRB- and therefore tried to produce more oil in order to undermine the organization .
	Chavez-16	said-17	-nsubj	Chavez-16 	said-17 
The Wall Street Journal `` Outlook '' observes , `` In the U.S. job market , the balance of power is shifting to employees from employers , '' and states that `` the retention frenzy was triggered in part by previous waves of corporate downsizing , '' which left behind survivors who took stock of career options and used Internet job listings and intensified recruiting to land better offers , which in turn led to counter-offers and higher salaries .
	Outlook-6	observes-8	-nsubj	The-1 Wall-2 Street-3 Journal-4 ``-5 Outlook-6 ''-7 	observes-8 
A total of 31 Iranians and Iraqis were also captured in a minibus in Yenicaga town of northwestern Bolu province .

Sunday : Chavez leaves Orchila Island aboard a helicopter and heads to Caracas .

Police are investigating .

He spoke at a hearing on a petition filed on Sunday by a group of lawyers , clerics and professors who demand that the detainees be identified , taken before a court and told of the charges against them .

The EU will continue on its current path of emission reduction and is optimistic that other major players , notably Japan and Russia , will join us in these efforts .

After they lost Jerusalem , a Mongol invasion swept through , and in 1244 the Mameluke dynasty of Egypt took control , ruling Jerusalem for the next 250 years .

`` If you want to think the worst about things , you can , '' he said .
	you-3	want-4	-nsubj	you-3 	want-4 to-5 think-6 the-7 worst-8 	he-16	said-17	-nsubj	he-16 	said-17 
During his visits to some OPEC member states in 2000 , he also paid a visit to Baghdad ; meanwhile , he has all along maintained a close relationship with Cuba .
	he-22	maintained-26	-nsubj	he-22 	has-23 all-24 along-25 maintained-26 a-27 close-28 relationship-29 
The core of the matter lies in a just and acceptable political framework that Israel is supposed to approve and participate in to put a final end to the occupation and to the settlement construction activities .

The Crusaders established a feudal Christian state with Godfrey at its head .

Blockbuster shares closed yesterday at $ 18.75 , down $ 1.125 , in New York Stock Exchange trading .

One can name more than a dozen countries which are contemplating the acquisition of mass destruction weapons at one speed or another .

But Arab opposition to new Jewish immigration and construction in Palestine led to increasing strife ; by 1946 , Jerusalem was an armed camp .
	Arab-2	opposition-3	-amod	Arab-2 	opposition-3 
- Leading military officials in the Chavez government resign .

GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE , Cuba - It begins as a shiny speck in the southeast skies of the lone landing strip here at Gitmo , the oldest U.S. base overseas .

The routine includes a delousing , or chemical washdown , and a physical .

In response , member states of the Arab League sent troops to help the Palestinian Arabs .

She often finds herself thinking , `` Oh , my God , they could be related to this or related to that .
	herself-4	thinking-5	-nsubj	herself-4 	thinking-5 
Thailand and China had preliminary talks on a bilateral free-trade area last year .

Come to think of it , acquiring weapons of mass destruction per se may not be a correct basis for judging whether a nation is good or evil .

United Nations , November 14 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- It was unrealistic to envisage that people who were suffering from lack of development , poverty , hunger and poor health could fully enjoy their human rights , several delegations stressed Wednesday to the Third Committee -LRB- Social , Humanitarian , Cultural -RRB- of the 56th UN General Assembly .
	delegations-39	stressed-40	-nsubj	several-38 delegations-39 	stressed-40 
One or two prisoners run for exercise in a fenced area , wearing handcuffs but no ankle shackles .

Elsewhere in the state , seven militants and a securityman were among 11 people killed since yesterday .

- Carmona resigns the interim presidency , and Chavez 's vice-President , Diosdado Cabello , takes over as acting President .
	Carmona-2	resigns-3	-nsubj	Carmona-2 	resigns-3 
Herod also completely rebuilt the Temple , making it one of the most important religious centers in the Roman Empire .

Yet he throws law , order and legitimacy to the wind when it suits him .

At least 15 people are killed and almost 100 are wounded .

These are the attributes we want all children to have .
	we-5	want-6	-nsubj	we-5 	want-6 
In outrage , the Jews began a second revolt against Rome , led by Simon bar Kochba .

Unidentified gunmen forced entry into the house of Sulaiman alias Muhammad Sultan of Khawas -LRB- Budhal -RRB- of Rajouri district yesterday and shot him dead .

And , strangely , they get to write home .

In 1099 , under their leaders Godfrey de Bouillon and Tancred , the Crusaders captured the Holy City for Christendom by slaughtering both Muslims and Jews .

This is because the terrorist violence has struck innocent women and children and defenseless civilians .

Only such a peace can bring security and stability to all the parties without exception .

It was prompted by a rising tide of international criticism after the Defense Department released photographs over the weekend that showed some of the prisoners kneeling before their captors , their legs in shackles , their hands bound in manacles , their mouths covered by surgical masks and their eyes blinded by large goggles with black tape .

Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast-growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .

Outside the borders of Venezuela , Chavez faced America 's hostility .
	America-9	hostility-11	-poss	America-9 	hostility-11 
The Times emphasizes the larger geopolitical context .
	Times-2	emphasizes-3	-nsubj	The-1 Times-2 	emphasizes-3 
For dinner they get white rice , red beans , a banana and water .

The staff gives reporters a quick tour of the hospital , allowing photographs of some sections but not of the patients .

In Los Angeles , a federal district judge questioned today whether he had the authority to consider a challenge to the detention of the prisoners in Cuba .
	judge-8	questioned-9	-nsubj	a-5 federal-6 district-7 judge-8 	questioned-9 
Each note is being offered at $ 308.32 per $ 1,000 principal amount at maturity , representing an 8 % yield to maturity .

As to the re-establishment of legal order in his country , Chavez briefed the Iranian president on the latest developments in his country .

While the intensity improvements may reduce this to around 33 % , this is still a very substantial increase in absolute emissions .

Jerusalem continued under Islamic rule for the next four and a half centuries .

In about a.d. 30 he and his followers went for Passover to Jerusalem , which was in unrest at this time , dissatisfied with Roman domination .

`` The United States has to get moving on screening these people and determining whether or not they 're P.O.W. 's .

In the quarter ended July 31 , Jayark had an average of 5.6 million shares outstanding .

The International Committee of the Red Cross , in a rare break with its code of not publicly criticizing detaining governments , said the United States might have violated Geneva Convention rules against making a spectacle of prisoners by distributing the pictures , which were published worldwide .
	Committee-3	said-23	-nsubj	The-1 International-2 Committee-3 of-4 the-5 Red-6 Cross-7 	said-23 
The story could have devastating consequence for the Bush administration .

The Israeli press and other media outlets point out that future withdrawals from the cities parts of which are still under Israeli occupation will be carried out in accordance to this tactic of phased and partial withdrawal .
	press-3	point-8	-nsubj	The-1 Israeli-2 press-3 and-4 other-5 media-6 outlets-7 	point-8 out-9 
Finally , an interpreter comes in to talk to the patient .

`` Man , they must be so scared , '' says a TV camerawoman watching with an international media pool from about 400 yards away .

Following a series of domestic reforms , especially in the agriculture , energy and banking sectors and describing communism and capitalism as futile , Chavez caused the business leaders , bankers and capitalist to distance themselves from him and thus paved the way for their opposition to his power .

In the 1890s , Theodor Herzl -LRB- 1860 -- 1904 -RRB- worked to organize a movement , Zionism , to create a Jewish state .

The CEPD head , however , pointed out that it is still too early to comment to what extent the war would affect the local economy now that it is impossible for it to regain momentum by the end of this year .

Instead , base officials try to glean the prisoners ' real names from the letters , as many tend to give multiple aliases during interrogations .

I hope you 'll continue -- and if possible increase - your support for these great kids .
	I-1	hope-2	-nsubj	I-1 	hope-2 	your-12	support-13	-poss	your-12 	support-13 
But he argued that whenever prisoners , especially those who are dangerous and suicidal , are transported , it only makes sense to lock them in restraints .
	he-2	argued-3	-nsubj	he-2 	argued-3 
Beijing has also long refused to establish diplomatic relations with any nation that maintains official contact with Taiwan , although it has encouraged economic exchanges between Taiwan and all nations .
	Beijing-1	refused-5	-nsubj	Beijing-1 	has-2 also-3 long-4 refused-5 	it-21	encouraged-23	-nsubj	it-21 	has-22 encouraged-23 
Today , as always , Jerusalem is a city of controversies : religious Jews in conflict with secular Jews ; Palestinians calling for independence ; many residents protesting a wave of high-rise development that many claim will turn the Holy City into a holy megalopolis .
	residents-27	calling-22	-dep-dep	many-26 residents-27 	calling-22 for-23 independence-24 	Jews-14	calling-22	-dep-dep	religious-13 Jews-14 	calling-22 for-23 independence-24 
But USAT and the WP also each run pretty newsy Diana pieces as well .

She found that the city ' s most beautiful Roman temple , dedicated to the goddess Aphrodite , stood on the site of the crucifixion .
	She-1	found-2	-nsubj	She-1 	found-2 
Such a comparison would be theoretically valid if Israel withdrew from the occupied territories but the violence of terrorism against it continued .

Several palaces were built and a water system installed .

Caring about others .

US officials denied Wolfowitz 's remarks reflected a change in US policy on Taiwan .
	officials-2	denied-3	-nsubj	US-1 officials-2 	denied-3 
The last of the zealots held out for another three years at Masada -LRB- see page 76 -RRB- .

After all , the US is the first nation to have developed nuclear weapons .

The problem was that British strategists , who were fighting the Ottoman Turks in 1917 , had secretly promised the lands to their World War I Arab allies .
	strategists-6	promised-19	-nsubj	British-5 strategists-6 	had-17 secretly-18 promised-19 
The committee will meet again Thursday to continue its general debate on human rights questions .

The city was now under the more tolerant rule of the Persians , but rebuilding was slow work .

In other words , countries which are seeking or developing such arsenal at a slow pace do not seem to come within the scope of the `` axis of evil '' .

Police have registered a case .

On Monday , the 15 European Union member states agreed to be formally bound to the Kyoto accord , and complete the ratification by June 1 this year .
	states-9	agreed-10	-nsubj	the-4 15-5 European-6 Union-7 member-8 states-9 	agreed-10 
The Temple and royal palace were adorned with gold and ivory from Africa and with cedar from Lebanon ; the beauties and glories of Jerusalem under Solomon have captivated readers of the Bible for almost 3,000 years .

Given that the troubles on the West Bank have not only frosted relations between Arafat and Israel , but also those between Israel and Egypt and between Israel and Saudi Arabia , the paper states that the U.S. is now facing the prospect that the moderate Arab coalition it built after the Persian Gulf war to contain Iraq and Iran is falling apart .

The new laws were described by leaders of the economy as deviant and unfair and these leaders organised and stage-managed street demonstrations against Chavez with the help of the biggest trade and commercial unions as well as a sector of the army .

Free access to holy sites for members of all religions was guaranteed by the armistice agreements .

In the nine months , GM Hughes net fell 6.6 % to $ 486.6 million , or $ 1.48 a share , from $ 521 million , or $ 1.58 a share .

AMMAN -- Jordan said it will sign the Kyoto Protocol , a UN pact on impeding global greenhouse gas emissions , following a recent Cabinet decision , according to Faris Juneidi , director general of the General Corporation for Environment Protection -LRB- GCEP -RRB- .
	Cabinet-25	decision-26	-nn	Cabinet-25 	decision-26 	Jordan-3	said-4	-nsubj	Jordan-3 	said-4 
A sign on a pole at the edge of the camp points the direction to Mecca .

One , IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long .

But U.S. Army Capt. Darrell Sides , 30 , of Fort Benning , Ga. , makes no bones about considering them terrorists .

Other developed countries like Canada have shown reluctance towards signing the Kyoto Protocol , saying it would cut the national GDP by up to 2.5 per cent in 2010 and cause economic damage worth 30 billion Canadian dollars -LRB- $ 19 billion -RRB- .
	countries-3	shown-7	-nsubj	Other-1 developed-2 countries-3 like-4 Canada-5 	have-6 shown-7 reluctance-8 
The company has said it wants to boost non-GM revenue to at least 50 % of its total business by the end of 1990 .
	it-5	wants-6	-nsubj	it-5 	wants-6 	company-2	said-4	-nsubj	The-1 company-2 	has-3 said-4 
People are being killed in masses and buried in collective graves .

Under the wise reign of Solomon , the city flourished as the capital of an empire that stretched from Damascus to the Red Sea and controlled the trade routes from Egypt to Phoenicia .

It is not implementing an immediate and total withdrawal -- as demanded by the international community as a whole and the United States in particular -- but a phased and partial withdrawal .

The last time the Pentagon released pictures of the detainees - on their knees , wearing the goggles , and surrounded by guards - the images created an international uproar .
	international-29	uproar-30	-amod	international-29 	uproar-30 
Please consider renewing your gift today .

In time , the kingdom of Babylon was overthrown and the Israelites were permitted to return to Jerusalem in 539 b.c. .

It is striking that the approach which is considered beneficial for other air pollutants , namely to implement cap-and-trade programs , is not extended to CO2 emissions from the power sector .

A short time later , the Community Youth Mapping Project sent 55 young people out into the community to identify the resources they need to grow up well : caring adults , safe places to go , and positive things to do .

The facts show that this Israeli tactic is new only in execution .

In 1922 the League of Nations granted the British a mandate to administer Palestine .

Argentina has an ever-growing rate of poverty , which defies logic given the enormous land\ ratio , with the richest soil in South America .

Thursday , April 11 : Some 50,000 people , including business and union leaders , mass to demand Chavez 's resignation .

Coast Guard officials said the vessel , Triumph Kaohsiung , sank at around 11:30 p.m. at a point about 110 kilometers west of Goto islands in western Nagasaki Prefecture .
	officials-3	said-4	-nsubj	Coast-1 Guard-2 officials-3 	said-4 
Two , funding was made available this summer for youth organizations and churches to conduct positive youth programming on Saturday evenings .

This is because Israel is an occupation state , one that is persecuting the Palestinians and denying them the right to exercise their national and sovereign rights .

Several governments joined the chorus , saying the prisoners should be granted prisoner of war status under the Geneva Convention .
	governments-2	joined-3	-nsubj	Several-1 governments-2 	joined-3 	governments-2	saying-7	-nsubj-vmod	Several-1 governments-2 	saying-7 
Since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks against the United States , countries across the world have been closely monitoring subsequent developments and have taken measures to cope with possible situations , Wu said , noting that short-term pains will eventually pass and everyday life will get back to normal soon .
	Wu-32	said-33	-nsubj	Wu-32 	said-33 
They do n't know where they 're going .
	They-1	know-4	-nsubj	They-1 	do-2 n't-3 know-4 
The combination of Chavez 's performance and policies brought on the wrath of American President Bush to the extent that he failed to hide his anger during his visit to Peru .

- Pro-government and opposition demonstrators face off in Caracas .

`` There could be no expediency , no compromise , no lapse in vigilance , '' he said .
	he-17	said-18	-nsubj	he-17 	said-18 
The Government Alliance lost 14 seats and will end up with 88 .

IZMIR , March 2 -LRB- A. A -RRB- - A total of 130 illegal immigrants were caught in western Izmir and northwestern Bolu provinces on Saturday .

`` We do n't go with a preconceived idea that the person is so and so .
	We-2	go-5	-nsubj	We-2 	do-3 n't-4 go-5 with-6 a-7 preconceived-8 idea-9 
Also up the road is the W.S. Sampson Elementary School , replete with yellow school buses , the Morale Welfare and Recreation Cooper Field with baseball and soccer fields , and the base 's outdoor movie house , which is playing the movie , The Majestic .

Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.37 billion from $ 1.22 billion .

- Carmona takes refuge at Tiuna Fort , southwest of Caracas .

Reporting on the conversation , Elysee -LRB- presidency -RRB- spokeswoman Catherine Colonna said that the head of state had `` expressed the hope that the Argentine authorities will know how to make the choices needed for their country 's future '' .
	authorities-27	know-29	-nsubj	the-25 Argentine-26 authorities-27 	will-28 know-29 
Srinagar , May 5 : With the recovery of the charred remains of three more persons from the debris at Varmul today , the toll in the Syed Karim Sahib encounter has risen to six .

A German shepherd and his handler patrol the camp 's perimeter .

On a hot and windy afternoon , the deep blue waters of the Caribbean serve as the postcard backdrop .

Acting on a tip-off , police stopped three buses in Aliaga town of Izmir and caught 91 persons including 28 Iranians , Iraqis , Afghans and Sri Lankas .

Each meal the detainees get is considered halal , or religiously appropriate for Muslims .

Half a million civilians died in the Galilee and Judea as a result of this first revolt against Rome , a number unequaled in ancient warfare .

- Latin American leaders meeting in Costa Rica for a trade summit denounce Venezuela 's breakdown of constitutional order .

This reminds one of a witty remark made by US President Franklin Roosevelt in the old days .

Base officials are considering a special meal for March 10 .
	officials-2	considering-4	-nsubj	Base-1 officials-2 	are-3 considering-4 
GM closed down $ 1.875 at $ 44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday .

It is clear that the proposals for US action on climate change are domestic .

If it turns out to be true that the two US colonels were involved in the failed attempt , there can be no other conclusion .

- Pro-Chavez rioting breaks out in Caracas and other parts of country .

It has been reported that the United States had earlier held a secret meeting with a number of countries , promising to pay for their long due OPCW membership fees if they could vote according to the wish of the United States .

The EU is concerned about the purely voluntary nature of the actions proposed .
	EU-2	concerned-4	-nsubjpass	The-1 EU-2 	is-3 concerned-4 
In addition , each note can be converted into Blockbuster Entertainment common stock at a rate of 13.851 shares per note .

The Halogen lights stay on all night .

Iran , Sunday last week , sent congratulations to Venezuela on hearing of the return of the rule of law and reinstatement of the legitimate government of President Chavez after the two-day military collapsed .
	Iran-1	sent-7	-nsubj	Iran-1 	sent-7 congratulations-8 
a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership .

Even some major media in the United States have thoroughly unmasked the attitude taken by the US Government towards the cope farce in Venezuela .

During a telephone conversation , President Khatami told his Venezuelan counterpart , President Hugo Chavex , that the return of the legitimate president and government to power was a victory of justice and freedom .
	Khatami-7	told-8	-nsubj	President-6 Khatami-7 	told-8 
The Israeli army has also strongly denied reports about an assault on the Cathedral of the Nativity in Bethlehem , which allegedly began recently .
	army-3	denied-7	-nsubj	The-1 Israeli-2 army-3 	has-4 also-5 strongly-6 denied-7 
home video concern about $ 2 million a year in interest expense .

which now reaches more viewers than any other company in the video shopping industry .

Besides these instances of American hostility towards Chavez , mention must be made of his oil policy within OPEC .
	American-5	hostility-6	-amod	American-5 	hostility-6 
There the Ark rested until it was placed in the Temple , built in approximately 960 b.c. on Mt. Moriah , the high point at the northern end of the city .

During his meetings with Peruvian officials , Bush spoke of America 's dislike of Chavez .
	Bush-8	spoke-9	-nsubj	Bush-8 	spoke-9 	America-11	dislike-13	-poss	America-11 	dislike-13 
The meeting is the first since the initiative got the nod from their leaders during the annual ASEAN-China leaders ' summit in Brunei last November .

On the issue whether the coup farce staged in Venezuela not long ago had an `` American background , '' the world media have made many reports , comments , and conjectures .
	media-23	made-25	-nsubj	the-21 world-22 media-23 	have-24 made-25 
Give the NYT credit for getting Mother Teresa back on the front page and a bonus point for including some criticism of her in the story .

They wear black baseball leg guards and bulletproof vests and carry M-16 rifles .

This would put an end to sensitivities , hatred , and injustice and spread peace in the region and the world .

As the Muslim chaplain , he ministers at the facility up to five hours every day .

The world community should not tolerate crimes of war .
	community-3	tolerate-6	-nsubj	The-1 world-2 community-3 	tolerate-6 
A number of observers believe that the reasons behind America 's opposition to Chavez and its support for Venezuela under the generals who carried out the coup against him go back to the domestic and foreign plans and policies of Chavez .
	number-2	believe-5	-nsubj	A-1 number-2 of-3 observers-4 	believe-5 
Although the White House and the Pentagon have denied supporting the oppositions in Venezuela to stage this coup , the world will not be easily fooled as it can judge from the several official statements made by the US Government both before and after the coup .
	House-4	denied-9	-nsubj	the-2 White-3 House-4 and-5 the-6 Pentagon-7 	have-8 denied-9 
President Khatami , in a telephone conversation with President Chavez last week , called on member states of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries -LRB- OPEC -RRB- to join hands to prevent a steep fall in oil prices .
	Khatami-2	called-14	-nsubj	President-1 Khatami-2 	called-14 
According to informed sources , Chavez is due to meet his Iranian counterpart President Mohammad Khatami to discuss avenues to help increase oil price .

`` They have n't said that God has abandoned them , because they know , '' he says .
	they-13	know-14	-nsubj	they-13 	know-14 	he-17	says-18	-nsubj	he-17 	says-18 	They-2	said-5	-nsubj	They-2 	have-3 n't-4 said-5 
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld denied the allegations , insisting that the detainees have it better here than in Afghanistan .
	Rumsfeld-4	denied-5	-nsubj	Defense-1 Secretary-2 Donald-3 Rumsfeld-4 	denied-5 
Perhaps the most striking indicator of a change of mood inside the government reported by the paper is the news that cabinet member Ariel Sharon , who as Defense Minister in 1982 got Israel entrenched in Lebanon in the first place , is among those urging a reconsideration of the deployment .

`` Walk ! Walk ! '' the guards shout .
	guards-8	shout-9	-nsubj	the-7 guards-8 	shout-9 
It certainly is not any more .

However , the new plan does not lead to such a stabilisation , but instead will lead to the increase of absolute emission levels .

During the Sixth Crusade -LRB- 1228 -- 1229 -RRB- , the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II managed to secure Jerusalem for the Christians by negotiation .

Rights groups cried inhumane treatment .
	groups-2	cried-3	-nsubj	Rights-1 groups-2 	cried-3 
President Clinton had , it was thought , closed the book on such nefarious activities .

There were two children and one baby among the immigrants .

They refused to allow cameras .
	They-1	refused-2	-nsubj	They-1 	refused-2 
In 1947 the United Nations voted for the partition of Palestine into two states , one Jewish and one Arab , with Jerusalem as an international city that belonged to neither .

A five day camp , J.C. juniors introduces at-risk children to Jameson two years earlier than we could previously reach them .

Throughout Jerusalem , other spots important to Jesus ' s life were commemorated with religious structures .

One of the guards puts a hand behind the head of the detainee , forcing him to look down .
	him-16	look-18	-nsubj	him-16 	to-17 look-18 down-19 
In a pinch , they show the patients the list , which includes the following phrases : I 'm in pain .

Most understand a little English , she says .
	Most-1	understand-2	-nsubj	Most-1 	understand-2 	she-7	says-8	-nsubj	she-7 	says-8 
Finally , America prescribes liberal democracy for others yet fails itself to accord any value to democratic principles in the world .
	America-3	prescribes-4	-nsubj	America-3 	prescribes-4 liberal-5 
Both tourists and businessmen are likely to use the route , the Kazakh Railroad Company believes .
	Company-15	believes-16	-nsubj	the-12 Kazakh-13 Railroad-14 Company-15 	believes-16 
Such status would accord them the highest level of protections .

Achieving this would only be a first step towards stabilising global greenhouse gas concentrations at a level that would prevent dangerous climate change .

`` In the beginning , they were very unsure , '' says Carrico .
	they-6	unsure-9	-nsubj	they-6 	were-7 very-8 unsure-9 	Carrico-13	says-12	-nsubj	Carrico-13 	says-12 
That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable , positive and important part of each child 's life for an entire decade .

Marine Corps Lt. Abuhena Mohammad Saiful-Islam , 39 , speaks more with the detainees than almost anybody at the camp .

That is to say , he adopted positions where supply of oil by OPEC would be reduced and oil prices supported .
	he-6	adopted-7	-nsubj	he-6 	adopted-7 positions-8 
Almost immediately a crack security force of mostly baby-faced Marines surrounds the plane .

The visit , if Beijing allows it , is widely expected to be centered on China 's dissatisfaction over the Taiwan issue .

At the market price , the transaction has a total indicated value of $ 7.4 million .

America called the action of several military generals , who were supported by capitalist as well as bankers , as the victory of democracy in Venezuela under circumstances where Hugo Chavez had come to power in 1988 through a popular process .
	America-1	called-2	-nsubj	America-1 	called-2 
Thanks to King Hezekiah ' s hidden water tunnel , the city narrowly escaped destruction .

But USA Today stays with Princess Di .

Except for an occasional spitting incident or threat , officials say , the prisoners are docile .
	officials-10	say-11	-nsubj	officials-10 	say-11 
You 're last gift of $ 50.00 helped make it possible for us to provide guidance , encouragement and fun to nearly 400 Indianapolis area children .

Warren ' s Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th-century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David ' s army .

The Israeli government is committing crimes of war against the Palestinians and should be tried by an international tribunal just like the governments of Rwanda and former Yugoslavia .

The mere development or possession of mass destruction weapons is not in itself a reason to label a state as evildoer .

The White House is said to be embarrassed by the report .

Israel 's atrocities are masterminded by high level Israeli officials including Shimon Peres .

Asked what benefit the United States gets by not classifying the captives as prisoners of war , Mr. Rumsfeld said , `` I do n't know enough of the legal technicalities to answer your question .
	I-23	know-26	-nsubj	I-23 	do-24 n't-25 know-26 
However , with the city partitioned by fortifications and barbed wire , no Israeli or Jewish pilgrims were allowed to visit the Western Wall or other Jewish sites in East Jerusalem .

After Jesus ' s crucifixion , harsh Roman rule continued until a.d. 66 , when the Jews rebelled .
	Jews-17	rebelled-18	-nsubj	the-16 Jews-17 	rebelled-18 
The teens have also decided to raise money to provide camperships for other campers because they know what Jameson has meant to them .
	they-16	know-17	-nsubj	they-16 	know-17 
`` I am telling you what I believe in every inch of my body to be the truth , and I have spent a lot of time on secure video with the people down there , '' he told reporters , referring to the United States naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , where 158 prisoners from the war in Afghanistan are being jailed .
	I-2	telling-4	-nsubj	I-2 	am-3 telling-4 	I-7	believe-8	-nsubj	I-7 	believe-8 	he-38	told-39	-nsubj	he-38 	told-39 
The results of the elections were to be expected in view of the catastrophic economic situation of the majority of the country 's citizens .

At EDS , third-quarter profit jumped 16 % to a record $ 110.9 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 95.9 million , or 79 cents a share .

This is done to `` provide positive control , '' says U.S. Army Col. Terry Carrico , in effect the prison warden .

Any US involvement in the attempt to remove him by force puts Washington firmly on the wrong side of international law .

When the detainees arrive at Camp X-Ray , they are told they 're in Cuba and then undergo a 45-minute intake process , which , like the airstrip landing , is monitored by the Red Cross .

According to the Triumph Kaohsiung crew , the vessel was flooded with water and the engine stopped at around 7 p.m. Monday , and the ship sank four and a half hours later .

Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning .

Officials said 19 crew members were plucked up from the sea and one died later .

The people of the once-glorious city were forced into an exile known as `` the Babylonian Captivity .

Amnesty International sought access to the prisoners in Guantanamo and said they should be allowed to have lawyers .
	International-2	sought-3	-nsubj	Amnesty-1 International-2 	sought-3 
Critics said the United States was using sensory deprivation and other psychological control techniques to weaken the prisoners so that interrogations would be more fruitful .
	Critics-1	said-2	-nsubj	Critics-1 	said-2 
Pilgrims came from all over the Roman -LRB- and , later , Byzantine -RRB- Empire during the following centuries , but the prosperity they brought lasted only until 614 , when Persian armies overtook Judea and reduced Jerusalem to rubble again .

U.S. forces seized Guantanamo Bay during the Spanish-American War .

The Israeli Government hopes that this tactic would eventually lead to an integrated and total agreement when all its parts are put together to form a map of `` cantons '' that Israel envisions for the occupied Palestinian lands .
	Government-3	hopes-4	-nsubj	The-1 Israeli-2 Government-3 	hopes-4 
It actually reflects Israel 's determination not to deal with the Palestinian issue as one united and indivisible whole .
	Israel-4	determination-6	-poss	Israel-4 	determination-6 
Three unidentified persons were shot dead by the Chola Nallah near LoC -LRB- Line of Control -RRB- -LRB- Poonch -RRB- during the preceding night .

Zhang also bashed remarks made last month by US Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz at a meeting in Florida , attended by visiting Taiwanese Defense Minister Tang Yao-Ming .
	Zhang-1	bashed-3	-nsubj	Zhang-1 	bashed-3 
- Emergency workers say that in total , at least 41 people have been killed and 323 injured in rioting around the country since Thursday .
	workers-3	say-4	-nsubj	Emergency-2 workers-3 	say-4 
Furthermore , a review of the effectiveness of the measures will not take place before 2012 .

Paris , 2 January : During a telephone conversation on Wednesday -LRB- 2 January -RRB- with the director general of the International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- , Horst Koehler , President Jacques Chirac stressed the need for Argentina to be able to `` make the choices '' imposed on it by the crisis it is going through .
	Chirac-34	stressed-35	-nsubj	President-32 Jacques-33 Chirac-34 	stressed-35 
The more the poles part , the further the political and social distance between the parts .

He also brought the Ark of the Covenant , the portable tabernacle containing the Tablets of the Law received on Mount Sinai , to the Spring of Gihon , just outside the walls of Jerusalem .

Perhaps the real criterion in this context is whether the nuclear country is democratic in every sense of the word .

For the next two centuries Aelia Capitolina enjoyed an innocuous history .

The representative of the United States said that despite the horrors of the terrorist attack , the international community could not truly win the war against terrorism unless human rights were protected .
	representative-2	said-7	-nsubj	The-1 representative-2 of-3 the-4 United-5 States-6 	said-7 
Chaim Weizmann -LRB- 1874 -- 1952 -RRB- , a scientist born in Russia but later a British subject , did much to put Herzl ' s hopes into practice .

Zhang said : `` The remarks of the US official are a ... violation of US commitments made -LRB- on Taiwan -RRB- and interference in China internal affairs .
	Zhang-1	said-2	-nsubj	Zhang-1 	said-2 	US-16	commitments-17	-nn	US-16 	commitments-17 made-18 -LRB--19 
has been to make a difference .

Political and religious boundaries were aggravated by occasional incidents of terrorism or sniping until the Six Day War in June 1967 .
	Political-1	aggravated-6	-nsubjpass	Political-1 and-2 religious-3 boundaries-4 	were-5 aggravated-6 
Several papers have word that H and R Block has finally wriggled out of its controlling stake of Compuserve , but it 's the Post with the news that AOL is set to take it over .
	papers-2	have-3	-nsubj	Several-1 papers-2 	have-3 word-4 
's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production .

Within three days the city was completely in Israeli hands , and in two weeks it was physically and administratively reunited .

Those who didn ' t escape were executed or sold into slavery .

Jerusalem flourished during the early years of the Mandate .

Still reeling from the effects of the Persian devastation , Jerusalem was conquered in 638 by the forces of Islam .

From here the Prophet ascended to the heavens and was permitted to glimpse paradise .

A sign near the ferry slip conveys some of the strange vibe of Guantanamo , a 45-square mile naval base in which the detention camp comprises some 3 acres .

This means we will not need a Security Council resolution to establish the tribunal .

Her goal will be to get Arafat to come out decisively and publicly for peace with Israel , telling him that there can be no more attempts at co-opting Hamas , and `` no more kisses '' of its leaders .
	Her-1	goal-2	-poss	Her-1 	goal-2 
What is required of Israel is to withdraw , both on the military and settlement fronts , from the territories occupied in 1967 , and the United States should push its ally Israel in that direction .

But the EU is concerned that they will not even be sufficient to reduce US emissions .
	EU-3	concerned-5	-nsubj	the-2 EU-3 	is-4 concerned-5 
And he did what he routinely does when questioned about the way the United States is prosecuting the war on terrorism : He reminded critics of Sept. 11 .
	He-23	reminded-24	-nsubj	He-23 	reminded-24 
Only such an immediate and parallel withdrawal would expedite the return to serious negotiations between the two sides based on the reference point of ending the occupation , ending settlement construction activities , and restoring the full inalienable rights of the Palestinian people .

Jameson points the way for children who need that extra hand and I hope you 'll continue your support this year .
	Jameson-1	points-2	-nsubj	Jameson-1 	points-2 the-3 way-4 	I-13	hope-14	-nsubj	I-13 	hope-14 
Boontipa , head of the ministry 's Department of Business Economics , said the time frame of the bilateral free-trade area would be shorter than the 10-year time frame envisaged for a free-trade area between China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations -LRB- ASEAN -RRB- , of which Thailand is a member .

Revenue rose 14 % to $ 4.03 billion from $ 3.54 billion .

They walk , they shut up , they lower their heads .

For now , with the camp at capacity , flights here have stopped .

In 1997 , at a UN conference in Kyoto , Japan , the Kyoto Protocol legally obliged developed countries to reduce the amount of greenhouse gas emissions by 8 per cent -LRB- below 1990 levels -RRB- between 2008 and 2012 .

Not at the hands of the guards .

The LAT focuses on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon , dissension fueled when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed , with twelve deaths the result .

The people of Venezuela thwarted America in this .

led two efforts that , we believe , will help our community continue to take the steps necessary to help all young people grow up and develop well .
	we-6	believe-7	-nsubj	we-6 	believe-7 
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .

Venezuelan Minister of Foreign Affairs Luis Alfonso Davila and some other senior officials of the country are accompanying President Chavez in his visit to Tehran .

They get a toothbrush , mint-flavored toothpaste , a bottle of `` Lively Salon '' antidandruff shampoo , soap , flip flops , a foam sleeping mat , two buckets , a washcloth , a canteen , a prayer cap , two blankets , a sheet , a Koran and two towels , one for praying .

Body of Feroz Ahmad Dar of Gaddapora , Shopian was recovered from village Hajipora today .

GM 's data processing subsidiary , boosted net 16 % .

They look like giant bright orange flies .
	They-1	look-2	-nsubj	They-1 	look-2 like-3 
The teens have undertaken a volunteer project to regularly visit with sick children at a local hospital .

`` Soon , the government will delegate Jordan 's representative to the United Nations , HH Prince Zeid Ben Raad , to sign the protocol , '' Juneidi told The Jordan Times on Tuesday , adding that an exact date for signing of the environmental agreement had not been set .

The whiff of scandal and conspiracy is in the air -- and the American media , ever addicted to conspiracy theories , is not going to let it go .

The notes will have a principal amount of $ 300 million at maturity .

The NYT states that when Albright shows up on Tuesday , she will `` read the riot act '' to Yassir Arafat about cracking down on terrorism .
	NYT-2	states-3	-nsubj	The-1 NYT-2 	states-3 
At GMAC , net dropped 3.1 % to $ 234.5 million from $ 241.9 million .

If you can increase your last donation , we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives .

After Chavez took office as Venezuelan president , he has pursued an independent foreign policy , and has been out of step with the United States in many areas .
	he-9	pursued-11	-nsubj	he-9 	has-10 pursued-11 
In the first nine months , GMAC 's earnings fell 8 % to $ 859.5 million from $ 930.2 million .

Queen Helena , a devout Christian and the mother of Emperor Constantine the Great , made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in 326 to identify the sites associated with Jesus ' s life .

The prisoners come from 31 countries , including Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Pakistan , Algeria , England , Egypt , Australia , France , Russia , Belgium and Sweden .

Jerome says the hospital feels no different than a hospital in the states , save for the high security and the various languages the detainees speak , including French , Russian , Urdu and Arabic .
	Jerome-1	says-2	-nsubj	Jerome-1 	says-2 	hospital-4	feels-5	-nsubj	the-3 hospital-4 	feels-5 
The Palestinians want nothing from Washington but to understand their cause and stand beside right and justice .
	Palestinians-2	want-3	-nsubj	The-1 Palestinians-2 	want-3 
The Bible tells us that the cruelty and impiety of the rulers of both kingdoms aroused the fury of the great Prophets .

- Chavez is transferred from an army base in Caracas to the island of Orchila , in the Caribbean Sea .

The public opinion in the Arab and Islamic world is following closely what is happening in the occupied Palestinian territories .

`` During the military operation in Bethlehem , a necessity emerged to enter the Pilgrim 's House and to use it for surveillance .

You help Jameson campers reach for them .

The news leaked from the reoccupied Palestinian cities confirms that Israeli troops have committed dozens of premeditated massacres against the civilian Palestinian population .

Once again , the governing class of a South American country has proved itself utterly unable to come to terms with the needs of the population , basically because it has become removed from the reality of the country .

- Chavez officially re-takes the presidency in an emotional Presidential palace ceremony at 4:30 am -LRB- 0830 GMT -RRB- .

For 60 years Jerusalem lay in ruins , until the Roman Emperor Hadrian ordered the city rebuilt as a Roman town dedicated to Jupiter .
	Jerusalem-4	lay-5	-nsubj	Jerusalem-4 	lay-5 
Perhaps because Jerusalem was in neutral territory not allotted to any of the twelve rival tribes of Israel , David made it the capital of his newly formed kingdom and brought the most talented artisans , dedicated priests , magical poets and musicians , and the most formidable soldiers from each of the tribes to live in his city .

Jerusalem ' s recorded history begins with its mention in Egyptian court records 4,000 years ago , but there had been human settlements here for centuries , probably millennia , before that .

Kitakyushu , Japan , Feb. 12 Kyodo -- A 3,986-ton Panamanian cargo ship heading to Taiwan from South Korea sank in the East China Sea late Monday , leaving one sailor dead and another of the 20-member crew missing , the Japan Coast Guard said Tuesday .

In just the past few years this program has grown from a few kids and a few extra activities to a team of almost 60 young adults taking on real projects .

A Lashkar militant was killed in an encounter with the security forces at Chor Gali in Shopian area yesterday .

The detainees also get fingerprinted and photographed .

The sign touts the area 's wildlife - the brown pelican , the Antillean manatee , the bottlenose dolphin , the hawksbill turtle .

The criteria set by Rice are the following : the three countries in question are repressive and grave human rights violators , and aggressively seeking weapons of mass destruction .

Local dailies quoted senior Commerce Ministry official Boontipa Simaskul as saying that if China agrees to form a bilateral free-trade area , the time frame will be set immediately .
	China-14	agrees-15	-nsubj	China-14 	agrees-15 
But with 300 already in custody , and scores in poor health to begin with , they say something is bound to happen .
	they-17	say-18	-nsubj	they-17 	say-18 
The PJ -LRB- Peronist -RRB- will receive 39 of the 72 seats in the High Chamber against 25 of the Government Alliance -LRB- of President de la Rua -RRB- .

Wearing bright orange wool knit caps , blacked-out goggles , earmuffs , white surgical masks , bright orange jumpsuits , denim jackets , beige mittens -LRB- taped around the wrists -RRB- , handcuffs and ankle shackles , the detainees do n't look natural .

The real challenge facing Argentina is how its economy will manage to survive the onslaught of the international credit vultures ready to tear its members apart .

If these special children are to become the adults we all need them to be , we have to lead them in the right direction right now .

- Carmona announces the restoration of the National Assembly , as Chavez cabinet members move into the Presidential palace and hold a meeting .

Wednesday , April 10 : Union leaders extend the strike for 24 hours because of what they call Chavez 's ` aggressive ' and ` intolerant ' response to their demands .
	their-30	demands-31	-poss	their-30 	demands-31 	they-17	call-18	-nsubj	they-17 	call-18 
By contrast , Electronic Data Systems Corp. .

The Temple -LRB- today known as the `` First '' Temple -RRB- was completed by David ' s son and successor , King Solomon .

The kids need your leadership now more than ever .

A defense spokesman said today the charred remains of three more persons killed in the Varmul encounter on Friday were recovered from the debris of the burnt houses today .

These people saw the majority of their security sites destroyed and the residential neighborhoods and apartment buildings parallel to the combat lines with the Israeli army and settlements in the West Bank and Gaza targeted by the Apaches helicopters and large-caliber artillery and machine guns .

He has managed to a great extent to adopt policies aligned with other oil producing states whenever oil crises have emerged that led to reduced oil prices in the market .

When Seleucid rulers outlawed Judaism , Jews led by Judah Maccabee and his brothers staged a revolution in 167 b.c. and , against all odds , restored the primacy of Jewish religious life in Jerusalem .

At the time when the abortive coup had just taken place , the United States `` did not show the slightest sympathy , '' still less `` the least regret , '' for the breaking-off of Venezuela 's democratic system .

The committee Wednesday opened a formal debate on human rights questions , including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms .

`` The United States is committed to doing whatever it takes to help Taiwan defend itself , '' said Wolfowitz , echoing President George W. Bush 's remarks made when he first took office last year .
	States-4	committed-6	-nsubjpass	The-2 United-3 States-4 	is-5 committed-6 	Wolfowitz-20	said-19	-nsubj	Wolfowitz-20 	said-19 
The persons wanted to escape abroad .
	persons-2	wanted-3	-nsubj	The-1 persons-2 	wanted-3 
The transaction is subject to approval by a panel of disinterested directors , the company said , adding that shareholder approval is n't needed .
	shareholder-20	approval-21	-nn	shareholder-20 	approval-21 	company-15	said-16	-nsubj	the-14 company-15 	said-16 
But the Roman Empire became Christian in the fourth century , and Jerusalem became a center of religion once again .

Through the youth mapping process , it was confirmed that the positive opportunities for youth on weekend evenings were lacking .

Bright orange figures sit in their cells , some of them praying .

The general is awaiting congressional approval before building for Radio Range begins .

Washington seems to be particularly disturbed and feel that its own national security is being threatened only when the nations which acquire mass destruction weapons are authoritarian or repressive , irrespective of the pace of amassing weaponry .

As for Bustani , he hoped that Baghdad could become a member of the OPCW so that the United Nations could conduct arms inspections in the country .
	he-5	hoped-6	-nsubj	he-5 	hoped-6 
The EU will further examine and assess the proposals by President Bush in the weeks to come and is willing to continue the dialogue with the US on this basis .

The doctors explain this is a common reaction as patients awake from anesthesia .

Along the way , if allowed , the detainees would get to see a bit of Americana , a portrait built over the past century .

On this count , the national security adviser may have erred .

He also accused America of killing innocent children and people during the Afghan war , met with `` Mo'ammar Qadhafi '' and `` Saddam Hoseyn '' , the presidents of Libya and Iraq and long-term enemies of Washington , and had a very close relationship with the Cuban leader `` Fidel Castro '' .
	He-1	accused-3	-nsubj	He-1 	accused-3 
Although developed countries are the world 's main source of large-scale air pollution , Jordan 's decision to sign the protocol is aimed at stressing its `` commitment towards the different international conventions , '' Juneidi said .

This carnage is planned and implemented in compliance with decisions from Israeli field marshals .

But once the military tasks are fulfilled , the Israeli soldiers will leave this building , '' the press service said .

Officials have said the prisoners come from a range of countries , - Britain , Yemen , China , Saudi Arabia and Australia among them - and that has also complicated the legal picture .

West Jerusalem was to be under Israeli control , and East Jerusalem -LRB- including the Old City , with its Jewish , Muslim , Christian , and Armenian quarters -RRB- came under Jordanian authority .

`` I have grave doubts about whether I have jurisdiction , '' said the judge , A. Howard Matz .
	I-2	have-3	-nsubj	I-2 	have-3 grave-4 doubts-5 	judge-15	said-13	-nsubj	the-14 judge-15 	said-13 
They had been thinking about ways of ousting Chavez from the presidential palace in Caracas .
	They-1	thinking-4	-nsubj	They-1 	had-2 been-3 thinking-4 
It 's not that the U.S. military has a soft spot for the mothers of the Taliban or al-Qaida .

Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one-time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end .

Coast Guard officials said Japanese coast guard vessels plucked 12 survivors from a lifeboat and seven others from the sea .
	officials-3	said-4	-nsubj	Coast-1 Guard-2 officials-3 	said-4 
As an al-Jazeera television crew walks through , the staff rolls out a patient who has just had his right index finger amputated as a result of a gunshot wound .

They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem , but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin .

The Climate Change Convention of 1992 , to which the US is a Party , requires industrialised countries to stabilise their greenhouse gas emissions at 1990 levels .

Every so often a prisoner is led to one of five interrogation rooms , freshly built wood buildings with air conditioners and no windows .

This is because the Palestinians were , and still are , hoping that the Americans would realize , if they have not already realized , the justice of the Palestinian cause and the enormous injustice suffered by the Palestinians , who were expelled from their homeland , whose land was occupied , and who were deprived of the minimum political and human rights .

`` It means he ca n't look ahead .
	he-4	look-7	-nsubj	he-4 	ca-5 n't-6 look-7 ahead-8 
Two boys in white karate outfits run down palm-lined Sherman Avenue .

`` Narrowing the development gap between countries was crucial to the realization of universal human rights , '' said the representative of China Shen Guofang .
	representative-21	said-19	-nsubj	the-20 representative-21 of-22 China-23 Shen-24 Guofang-25 	said-19 
`` That 's the hope that they have , that God is their only hope .

A Navy helicopter whirls overhead .

BEIJING , April 11 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - China on Thursday slammed increasingly close ties between the United States and Taiwan , demanding an end to official exchanges between the two and to US weapons sales .

Annually , we ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis .

The involvement of US military personnel in the putsch suggests a return to the old days when the CIA would organize coups and assassinations to further US interests .
	involvement-2	suggests-10	-nsubj	The-1 involvement-2 of-3 US-4 military-5 personnel-6 in-7 the-8 putsch-9 	suggests-10 
The story got international play because it seemed to underscore the fact that tensions between the Americans and the detainees were easing .

`` Our position is clear , '' he continued .
	he-8	continued-9	-nsubj	he-8 	continued-9 
The Holy City and the Temple were destroyed .

The Bush plan is based on a prolongation of this trend thereby in effect foreseeing little more than continuation on a `` business-as-usual '' path .

It is day two at X-Ray for the 34 newly arrived from Kandahar .

Mr. Rumsfeld said one of the complicating factors was that the Geneva Conventions give protection to prisoners from countries but not from terrorist organizations , like Al Qaeda , to which some of the prisoners apparently belong .
	Rumsfeld-2	said-3	-nsubj	Mr.-1 Rumsfeld-2 	said-3 
A massive fortress was built overlooking the Temple Mount , which Herod named `` Antonia '' in honor of his Roman friend and benefactor , Mark Antony .

Jerusalem grew , surrounded with a formidable wall and defended by towers beside the Jaffa Gate .
	Jerusalem-1	grew-2	-nsubj	Jerusalem-1 	grew-2 
The Hasmonean dynasty , descendants of the Maccabee family , ruled an independent Jewish Commonwealth that stretched from the Negev to the Galilee .

for about $ 423 million .

By all conservative estimates , there are scores of other countries which can easily qualify as repressive and violating human rights .

Participants in the Youth Outcomes Educational Initiative identified three goals for all our youth to obtain : economic self-sufficiency , healthy family , social relationships , and involvement in the community .

Taipei , Oct. 8 -LRB- CNA -RRB- -- The United States military action in Afghanistan will help spur global investment sentiment by brushing aside many uncertain factors , Council for Economic Planning and Development -LRB- CEPD -RRB- Chairman Chen Po-chih said Monday .

In a province rife with rebellion and retaliation , the execution in Jerusalem of yet another religious leader from the Galilee did not by itself have an immediate effect on history .

Somebody asks Saiful-Islam if the relationship between the detainees and God has changed since their capture .
	Somebody-1	asks-2	-nsubj	Somebody-1 	asks-2 
A soldier sustained injuries in the shoot out .

Military tensions in the Taiwan Strait were `` not in the self-interests of the United States , '' she warned .
	she-19	warned-20	-nsubj	she-19 	warned-20 
The prisoners are here because the military considers them `` hard-core '' terrorists - willing to escape , to kill themselves and others .
	military-7	considers-8	-nsubj	the-6 military-7 	considers-8 
`` Watching wildlife can be a lot of fun , '' says the sign .

The rapid events and the changing of power in Venezuela indicate that the putschists did not enjoy a popular base and the Venezuelan people as well as the military in the country did not endorse the coup government of `` Pedro Carmona '' who was being supported by America .
	people-24	endorse-35	-nsubj	Venezuelan-23 people-24 as-25 well-26 as-27 the-28 military-29 in-30 the-31 country-32 	did-33 not-34 endorse-35 
Cabello promises to restore constitutional order .
	Cabello-1	promises-2	-nsubj	Cabello-1 	promises-2 
One of these walls , the Western Wall , is today a major reminder of Jerusalem ' s greatness under Herod .

America was the only country that came to the support of the putschists immediately after they took power in Venezuela .

`` The continual sale of arms by the United States or upgrading of relations with Taiwan will only lead to tensions across the straits , '' foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said .
	Qiyue-31	said-32	-nsubj	foreign-27 ministry-28 spokeswoman-29 Zhang-30 Qiyue-31 	said-32 
GM Class H , which represents a dividend interest in Hughes earnings , closed at $ 29 , up 25 cents in Big Board composite trading .

A militant whose identity could not be ascertained was killed in an encounter with the troops at Mutgala -LRB- Gool -RRB- today .

- Thousands of Chavez supporters march towards the Presidential palace .

`` Keeping prisoners incommunicado , sensory deprivation , the use of unnecessary restraint and the humiliation of people through tactics such as shaving them are all classic techniques employed to break the spirit of individuals ahead of interrogation , '' the organization said .
	organization-42	said-43	-nsubj	the-41 organization-42 	said-43 
It 's odd , however , that in repeating this charge , the Times did n't interview the man most closely associated with it , Christopher Hitchens , or refer to the book where he set it out , The Missionary Position .

What makes it all the worse at this particular point in time is that it makes a mockery of George Bush 's war against international terrorism .

It is a crime against humanity .

Bangkok , 09 April Kyodo -- Thailand expects China 's official response to its proposal for a free-trade agreement Friday when Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra meets Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji on the sidelines of a regional economic conference , local dailies said Tuesday .
	Thailand-7	expects-8	-nsubj	Thailand-7 	expects-8 
These are 8-feet-square , with chain-link sides and tin roofs .

Instead the US government produced its own alternative climate change strategy aimed at encouraging industries to trim their emissions .

It turns out that in the dictionary used by the United States , the definition of a `` democratic regime '' is subjected to double standards .

Revenue from non-GM accounts was 45 % of EDS 's total business in the latest nine months , compared with 40 % a year earlier .

The pressure on the eye had become unbearable .

Also speaking on the debate were the representatives of Cuba , Egypt , Morocco , Japan , Venezuela , Mali , Greece and Indonesia .

Powell had stressed that Venezuela is able to , as in the past , that is to say , the era of the military rule in that country , play an effective role in America 's policies in Latin America .
	Powell-1	stressed-3	-nsubj	Powell-1 	had-2 stressed-3 
If you have any questions or concerns at any time , please do not hesitate to call me at 921-1288 .

In the early 16th century , the Ottoman Turkish Empire was advancing through the Middle East .

Referring to the difficult period the venezuelan nation went through in the past week , President Chavez said the anti-democractic attempts to topple his government failed with the help of the Almighty God and the people .
	Chavez-17	said-18	-nsubj	President-16 Chavez-17 	said-18 
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments .

Thank you again for helping point the way .

Once the aircraft is secured , the freak show begins , a sort of `` Hannibal the Cannibal '' production .

The morning run to Fleet Hospital 20 takes place as scheduled .

Some guards do n't want to talk about their views of the prisoners .
	guards-2	want-5	-nsubj	Some-1 guards-2 	do-3 n't-4 want-5 	their-9	views-10	-poss	their-9 	views-10 
The record is long and to Washington 's eternal discredit : the CIA 's attempts to kill Fidel Castro , its involvement in the coups in Guatemala in 1954 and in Chile in 1973 .

A week ago , after Chavez had been reinstated by his supporters , the White House denied any role in the failed military coup , although it admitted that US officials had met Venezuelan opposition leaders beforehand .
	House-16	denied-17	-nsubj	the-14 White-15 House-16 	denied-17 	it-27	admitted-28	-nsubj	it-27 	admitted-28 
Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer .
	Mellor-2	said-11	-nsubj	Robert-1 Mellor-2 ,-3 Di-4 Giorgio-5 's-6 executive-7 vice-8 president-9 	said-11 
Over the past years , greenhouse gas emissions intensity in relation to GDP has been falling in the US .

Sincerely , John F. Brandon , President MCCOY , Inc. .

A typical breakfast includes oatmeal , an orange , fresh bread and a bottle of water .

They had to be protected from other scourges and social ills , including disease , narcotic drugs , armed conflicts , terrorism and other types of transnational organized crime , '' it added .

Indeed , the patient invited the surgeon for a cup of tea after the operation .
	patient-4	invited-5	-nsubj	the-3 patient-4 	invited-5 
A soldier Ram Karan Singh died in an exchange of fire with the militants at Bhelti -LRB- Doda -RRB- today .

That must rank as the understatement of the year .

will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said .
	company-15	said-16	-nsubj	the-14 company-15 	said-16 
Base officials say there are Christian prisoners as well as Muslims .
	officials-2	say-3	-nsubj	Base-1 officials-2 	say-3 
Base officials allowed reporters to record audio and report the landings live via cell phone for the first time since the flights began arriving Jan. 11 .
	officials-2	allowed-3	-nsubj	Base-1 officials-2 	allowed-3 
- Oil exports , which account for 80 per cent of Venezuela 's foreign revenues , are threatened as the strike stops production at the country 's major refineries .

They board buses that will take them to a ferry that will take them across Guantanamo Bay to a detention facility known as Camp X-Ray .

The site of the Temple eventually became identified as Mt. Moriah , on which it stood , where Abraham was called to sacrifice his son Isaac .

Senior officials from the 10-member ASEAN and China are due to meet in Beijing from May 13 through 15 to draw up a blueprint for a regional free-trade area .

