December 10 , 1996 Dear Mailhouse donor reminder : You and I have done some important work together .

Already , Latin America 's third-largest economy has declared a moratorium on foreign debt payments - Rodriguez Saa 's first act as leader - and commerce has halted since cash withdrawals were limited to $ 1,000 a month to stop a panic run on banks .

`` Since there is no other Belgian astronaut at the ESA who is capable of replacing Frank De Winne for this mission if it suddenly proved impossible for him to carry it out , we are also expecting to take out ` travel insurance ' for our ` cosmonaut , ' '' Yvan Ylieff also said .
	we-35	expecting-38	-nsubj	we-35 	are-36 also-37 expecting-38 
For the purposes of this survey , the Wall Street Journal will be counted as a separate and distinct publication from the Journal 's editorial page , because , in essence , it is .

Among those being held were 40 women , between 70 and 80 children and a number of men of European , North African and Middle East origin , including a handful of Afghans .

The investor group includes Restaurant Investment Partnership , a California general partnership , and three Rally 's directors : Mr. Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William E. Trotter II .

President Bush is facing a recession and an economic crisis .

If you can give a little more to help meet this increased expense we would appreciate your support .

In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , `` I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases .
	I-12	think-15	-nsubj	I-12 	do-13 n't-14 think-15 	Alito-8	said-9	-nsubj	U.S.-4 Attorney-5 Samuel-6 A.-7 Alito-8 	said-9 
-LRB- local time -RRB- yesterday , Indidis said police were investigating how they obtained the chisel .

The whole incident was in fact unprecedented in the history of European democracies , and has prompted a whole range of controversies and debates .

I hope you 'll consider continuing your support of Jameson 's special campers by renewing your last gift of $ xxx .
	I-1	hope-2	-nsubj	I-1 	hope-2 
Then , the concern was how to make comfortable traumatized victims of civil war uprooted from a violent , cold climate .

Analysts said another reason for Mugabe to win the poll is his wise campaign strategy .
	Analysts-1	said-2	-nsubj	Analysts-1 	said-2 
Tokyo , Oct. 8 Kyodo -- Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi will shorten his one-day visit to China on Monday by three hours due to the launch of U.S. and British retaliatory strikes in Afghanistan for the Sept. 11 terror attacks in the United States , government officials said .

`` Today we are millimeters away from a civil war , '' said Leopoldo Moreau , a Radical Party congressman .

`` All of this is pretty well-planned out because we have used it to house illegal migrant detainees in the past , Cubans and Haitians , '' Lucas said .
	Lucas-28	said-29	-nsubj	Lucas-28 	said-29 
Under the plan , unsecured creditors , who are owed about $ 430 million , would receive about $ 92 million , or 21 cents for each dollar they are owed .

The biggest challenge may be getting prisoners from South Asia to the Caribbean .

Indidis appealed to the public to assist the police with information that might lead to the re-arrest of the prisoners .
	Indidis-1	appealed-2	-nsubj	Indidis-1 	appealed-2 
At the start of his Asian tour , Bush dismissed a chilly reception by US allies to his `` axis of evil '' rhetoric , telling reporters in Tokyo , `` I will keep all options on the table .
	Bush-9	dismissed-10	-nsubj	Bush-9 	dismissed-10 a-11 chilly-12 reception-13 
`` There 's no such sale or waiver contemplated , '' he said .
	he-12	said-13	-nsubj	he-12 	said-13 
Beijing has completed the afforestation of 4,000 hectares over the past six months , the municipal forestry bureau revealed yesterday .

I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .

To Malan , however , more important than the harmonization of the parameters and the little Maastricht is the search for convergence of policies in a broader sense - structural , macro and microeconomic ones .

Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill-gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities .
	they-9	believe-10	-nsubj	they-9 	believe-10 
Whereas , beforehand , it was anticipated and hoped that the agreements reached at Genoa would help bring about beneficial results for the Bonn conference as well .

Landed with the provisional presidency for 48 hours , the head of the lower house of Congress , Eduardo Camano , called on senators and deputies to hold a legislative assembly today which should rubber-stamp Duhalde 's appointment .

The head of the nuclear energy department at Bulgaria 's energy agency separately said he could not imagine a terrorist organization making a bomb out of products from the reactors at the Kozlodui power station .
	he-15	imagine-18	-nsubj	he-15 	could-16 not-17 imagine-18 
Earlier this week some 50 Israeli army officers were reported to have been on strike and refused to attack Palestinian ruled areas in protest of the occupation policies of the Zionist regime .

While depending heavily on his rural support , Mugabe told thousands of urbanizers he would focus on housing and job creation if re-elected .
	Mugabe-9	told-10	-nsubj	Mugabe-9 	told-10 
TEHRAN In a rare move on Tuesday , Israeli Parliament Speaker Avraham Burg condemned the Zionist regime 's occupation of Palestinian territories .
	Burg-13	condemned-14	-nsubj	Israeli-9 Parliament-10 Speaker-11 Avraham-12 Burg-13 	condemned-14 
`` The priority now is to unshackle the credit system , for there is no modern economy that can function without credit .

The United States is currently run by a typical Texan mentality , which is closer to that of cowboys than to a civilized mentality that believes in dialogue and coexistence among peoples .

A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs .

That `` we '' includes the Youth Leadership teens .

and that she had refused an interview , '' Rabinowitz writes in an e-mail message .
	Rabinowitz-10	writes-11	-nsubj	Rabinowitz-10 	writes-11 
The meeting which will bring fifteen European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- members countries and twelve Mediterranean countries together will be held in Valencia and start on Monday .

In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million .
	he-16	expects-17	-nsubj	he-16 	expects-17 
It seems summer options are n't readily available for troubled kids whose families have limited incomes , so we 're doing all we can to make Jameson available .

The SSTC 's overall budget will not suffer from this .

So on 4 November 2002 , that is to say , in a little less than one year , the second Belgian to reach space will take off from the Baikonor cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on board a brand new Soyuz space ship : the TMA-1 .

A second group of three company directors , aligned with Rally 's founder James Patterson , also is seeking control of the fast-food chain .

A number of Kyrgyz businessmen are accompanying President Akayev of Kyrgyzstan in his visit to Turkey .

The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , '' says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures .

We believe there is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community as a whole .
	We-1	believe-2	-nsubj	We-1 	believe-2 
There are two US astronauts under his command - Carl Waltz and Daniel Bursch .

The German government spokesman said it would be `` useful '' if UN observers could enter Iraq again to check for weapons of mass destruction .
	spokesman-4	said-5	-nsubj	The-1 German-2 government-3 spokesman-4 	said-5 
As a team , these three organizations are working with neighborhood youth and adults to build a `` Caring Neighborhood with Youth '' , mobilizing the assets of young people and adults as partners to build a better neighborhood for all .

One concrete example is a joint project undertaken in the United Northwest Area in partnership with The Junior League of Indianapolis and Community Partnerships with Youth from Fort Wayne , Indiana .

The joint demand and stand by the majority of countries attending the conference was encountered by firm opposition by the United States -LRB- of America -RRB- .

He does not want to repeat his father 's mistake , being defeated in the next elections because of economic factors .
	He-1	want-4	-nsubj	He-1 	does-2 not-3 want-4 
Whoever says that these are small steps is incapable of recognizing the European Union 's experience , '' the Minister says .
	Minister-20	says-21	-nsubj	the-19 Minister-20 	says-21 
My fist carries a force , which can make one tumble and roll over 77 times , '' Mugabe boasted in a recent rally .
	Mugabe-19	boasted-20	-nsubj	Mugabe-19 	boasted-20 
Bush , who arrived in Tokyo Sunday at the start of a week-long trip that will also take him to Seoul and Beijing , held talks with Koizumi on the war effort in Afghanistan .

`` We do not want to yield on Brazil 's having its own currency , its regional currency .
	We-2	want-5	-nsubj	We-2 	do-3 not-4 want-5 
With an outdoor movie theater , bowling alleys , a McDonald 's and a mini-mall , Guantanamo Bay is a curious slice of Americana on the edge of the Caribbean .

But paying heed was not tantamount to endorsement of the demand launched by those countries ; rather , the final result came out as a compromise solution and a relative back up by the majority group .

Police and militants exchanged heavy gunfire , killing six rebels in Bandi and five in Jalian , Jammu police senior superintendent Kamal Saini said .

Waxman sells a variety of hardware products for the home repair market .
	Waxman-1	sells-2	-nsubj	Waxman-1 	sells-2 
JAMMU , India , Nov 11 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - Indian security forces Sunday killed 11 Muslim militants in Indian-administered Kashmir , police said .

In the group were former Bank of Mexico Governor Miguel Mancera , who dealt with the peso crisis in 1995 ; a former Chilean Central Bank president who faced the 1982 crisis , when the Chilean GDP dropped by 14 percent ; former IMF Fiscal Affairs Director Vito Tanzi ; an expert in restructuring the Spanish debt ; and former Brazilian Central Bank President Gustavo Loyola , who lived through the time of the Collor government 's withholdings and of the Proer -LRB- Program to Encourage the Reorganization and Strengthening of the National Financial System -RRB- - the program to restructure the Brazilian banking system .

Chatterbox feels that the Wall Street Journal editorial page 's coverage of Juanita Broaddrick 's rape charges against Bill Clinton -LRB- see `` Proving Rape , '' `` More Proving Rape , '' as well as Michael Kinsley 's `` Readme `` column in the current issue -RRB- cries out for the introduction of the Scientific Method into the usually mushy business of assessing press responsibility .
	Chatterbox-1	feels-2	-nsubj	Chatterbox-1 	feels-2 
Analysts said Mugabe , the last of the old African nationalists who rode to power on the colonial winds of change , has won on the strength of the appeal of ZANU-PF 's land policy , under which the government was seizing idle farms from white farmers , who own the bulk of the country 's arable land , to resettle landless peasants .
	Analysts-1	said-2	-nsubj	Analysts-1 	said-2 
The U.S. naval base at Guantamano Bay , Cuba , once a detention center for thousands of Cubans and Haitians seeking freedom in America , may soon become a prison for men with a radically different view of the country .

Many people need our help .

TOKYO , Feb 18 -LRB- AFP -RRB- -- US President George W. Bush said Monday that all options were on the table to deal with Iraq , Iran and North Korea , even as Germany warned against any `` adventure '' in Iraq .
	Germany-35	warned-36	-nsubj	Germany-35 	warned-36 against-37 	George-11	said-14	-rcmod	US-9 President-10 George-11 W.-12 Bush-13 	said-14 
Chatterbox would prefer not to invoke the phrase `` intellectual dishonesty , '' because it 's pompous and falsely suggests that only intellectuals can be intellectually dishonest .
	intellectuals-23	dishonest-27	-nsubj	only-22 intellectuals-23 	can-24 be-25 intellectually-26 dishonest-27 
The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly .
	Department-3	emphasized-5	-nsubj	The-1 Justice-2 Department-3 	has-4 emphasized-5 
Please continue our important partnership .

The Minister believes that tension between Brazil and Argentina , resulting from the floating of the real in 1999 , will tend to disappear because the neighboring country is opting for a floating exchange rate system .
	Minister-2	believes-3	-nsubj	The-1 Minister-2 	believes-3 
State Minister Resat Dogru and his wife Mualla Dogru and Kyrgyz Ambassador to Turkey Medethan Sheremkulov welcomed Kyrgyz President Akayev and her wife Mayran Akayeva at Ankara ` s Esenboga Airport .

After these payments , about $ 225,000 will be available for the 20 million common shares outstanding .

She said Dunleavy caught her by surprise .
	She-1	said-2	-nsubj	She-1 	said-2 	Dunleavy-3	caught-4	-nsubj	Dunleavy-3 	caught-4 
Russia is `` interested in creating international instruments for regulating emissions , which will guarantee the stable economic development of all signatories to international agreements on the climate sphere without any exceptions '' , the statement reads .
	Russia-1	is-2	-nsubj	Russia-1 	is-2 ``-3 interested-4 
`` We were given a piece of land which my parents have been able to farm and provide us with food , '' said Mapfumo , a ZANU-PF activist .
	Mapfumo-25	said-24	-nsubj	Mapfumo-25 	said-24 
Forestry experts said dry weather and temperature fluctuations were the main cause of sandstorms .
	experts-2	said-3	-nsubj	Forestry-1 experts-2 	said-3 
Similarly , Gerhard Schroeder , the German Chancellor , too had claimed that the participants at the summit meeting were the true , legitimate , and elected representatives of the people of their countries .

`` We want to keep alight the flame of a single currency in the region in future , even if a distant one , '' but until then , `` there is the job of consolidating the institutions in the political and institutional sphere , of productive restructuring and of modernizing the State '' in six countries - Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay , Paraguay , Chile and Bolivia .
	We-2	want-3	-nsubj	We-2 	want-3 
The shifting dunes in Beijing 's suburbs and rural areas have been successfully controlled by green barriers of trees and grass , which have also helped upgrade the city 's forest proportion to 43 per cent , 23 percentage points higher than the nation 's metropolitan average .

It can safely be claimed that the events in Genoa have influenced -LRB- overshadowed -RRB- the very conferences in New York and Bonn ; whereas , from the onset , the weak results of Genoa was foreseeable for most observers .

Commenting on a Washington Post report that the Bush administration was considering waiving sanctions that bar sales of military-related equipment to mainland China , Kao said MOFA is trying to obtain more information about the report .
	administration-10	considering-12	-nsubj	the-8 Bush-9 administration-10 	was-11 considering-12 	Kao-25	said-26	-nsubj	Kao-25 	said-26 
A committee of outside directors for the Garden City , N.Y. , unit is evaluating the proposal ; the parent asked it to respond by Oct. .
	committee-2	evaluating-15	-nsubj	A-1 committee-2 of-3 outside-4 directors-5 	evaluating-15 
They will then score one point for every subsequent issue or broadcast or Internet posting after the first offense is noted by Chatterbox if they continue not to report said inconvenient fact -- and an additional two points on days when the news organization runs a follow-up without making note of said inconvenient fact .

The presidents of the six countries endorsed certain goals in relation to the debt , GDP , nominal deficits as a proportion of the six countries ' GDPs , and maximum inflation .
	presidents-2	endorsed-7	-nsubj	The-1 presidents-2 of-3 the-4 six-5 countries-6 	endorsed-7 
`` People who love freedom understand that we can not allow nations that are n't transparent , nations with a terrible history , nations that are so dictatorial they 're willing to starve their people , we ca n't allow them to mate up with terrorist organizations , '' Bush said .
	Bush-50	said-51	-nsubj	Bush-50 	said-51 
Harare , March 14 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Despite the shortcomings of incumbent President Robert Mugabe 's rule which has seen Zimbabwe 's economic decline in recent years , the 78-year-old leader has carried off the palm in the country 's closest-fought presidential election since independence 22 years ago .

The Minister says he is radically opposed to the idea of dollarizing the Brazilian economy .
	he-4	opposed-7	-nsubjpass	he-4 	is-5 radically-6 opposed-7 	Minister-2	says-3	-nsubj	The-1 Minister-2 	says-3 
Erbamont will then be liquidated , with any remaining Erbamont holders receiving a distribution of $ 37 a share .

The businessman said he turned down an offer of a 200,000 dollar commission for the sale .
	he-4	turned-5	-nsubj	he-4 	turned-5 down-6 
In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a `` massive financial fraud '' to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period .
	SEC-6	accused-7	-nsubj	SEC-6 	accused-7 
Everyone has .

For the year ended July 2 , Rally had net income of $ 2.4 million , or 34 cents a share , on revenue of $ 52.9 million .

The president renewed his pledge to thwart terrorist groups who want to `` mate up '' with regimes hoping to acquire weapons of mass destruction and said `` nations will come with us '' if the US-led war on terrorism is extended .
	president-2	renewed-3	-nsubj	The-1 president-2 	renewed-3 his-4 pledge-5 
`` The US decision to withdraw from introducing state measures to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases negatively affects the world community 's efforts to ensure the global and efficient character of the Kyoto protocol , '' the document reads .

The United States maintains some 37,000 troops on the Korean peninsula , and Bush has called the de-militarised zone dividing South Korea from its hardline communist northern neighbor `` one of the most dangerous places on earth '' .
	Bush-14	called-16	-nsubj	Bush-14 	has-15 called-16 	States-3	maintains-4	-nsubj	The-1 United-2 States-3 	maintains-4 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 329.2 million from $ 320 million .

Planners scrambled to deploy healthcare workers and Muslim clergymen before the White House abandoned that idea .
	House-13	abandoned-14	-nsubj	the-11 White-12 House-13 	abandoned-14 
With that in mind , Chatterbox hereby inaugurates the Intellectual Dishonesty -LRB- henceforth to be known as the Indis -RRB- Index .

Credit needs banks , a functioning payment system .

The conversion price is $ 9.58 a share .

McCoy has only one interest : the well being of Marion County 's young people .
	McCoy-1	has-2	-nsubj	McCoy-1 	has-2 only-3 one-4 interest-5 
According to the Mission Control , the shuttle 's crew has perfectly accomplished its mission .

For 10 days , the second Belgian astronaut will get to the International Space Station -LRB- ISS -RRB- on board the brand new Russian Soyuz TMA-1 space ship .

We 've found ways for people with disabilities to enter the workforce .

Some prisoners are reportedly being held on warships in the Afghan region .

The sum in question will come from the SSTC 's space budgets and be deducted in several years -LRB- two or three -RRB- .

Police have killed 50 militants in Poonch in the past 15 days , he added .
	he-14	added-15	-nsubj	he-14 	added-15 
The formation of The Community Academy , a pilot project directed at expelled students from local school systems , has come about as a result of MCCOY 's efforts to mobilize community agencies in response to a pressing issue .

The formal agreement regarding Frank De Winne 's flight with the Russians was signed in Brussels on Thursday by Charles Picque , the Minister for Science Policy , and his government commissioner Yvan Ylieff .

Favourable taxation policies will also be given to people engaged in the transformation of desertificated land .

The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits .
	SEC-2	alleged-4	-nsubj	The-1 SEC-2 	has-3 alleged-4 	Antar-7	aimed-8	-nsubj	Mr.-6 Antar-7 	aimed-8 
I asked her why she had decided to talk to the New York Post 's Steve Dunleavy , and refused a Times reporter .
	she-5	decided-7	-nsubj	she-5 	had-6 decided-7 	I-1	asked-2	-nsubj	I-1 	asked-2 
-LRB- Exclamation mark as published -RRB- In view of the criticisms , which have been made , they could perhaps be also considered to be the representative of powerful corporations that have placed the whole `` world economy '' under their influence , and as a result of that they are also controlling the world of politics globally .

McCoy is actively represented and working with numerous community collaborations where we regularly raise our voice to speak out for the inclusion of young people in both decision-making and program planning processes .

In this instance , military sources said , the number of prisoners would be much smaller -- perhaps in the dozens -- and the logistics would focus more on security at the 45-square-mile base and less on the comfort of prisoners who are considered either members of a terrorist network or supporters of terrorists .
	sources-6	said-7	-nsubj	military-5 sources-6 	said-7 
In Berlin , Germany 's chief government spokesman Uwe-Karsten Heye told journalists , `` The federal government can not imagine that the United States government has an interest in engaging in an adventure '' in Iraq .
	government-17	imagine-20	-nsubj	The-15 federal-16 government-17 	can-18 not-19 imagine-20 	government-25	has-26	-nsubj	the-22 United-23 States-24 government-25 	has-26 an-27 interest-28 
In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug-related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment .
	people-20	accused-21	-vmod	people-20 	accused-21 
`` We do n't anticipate any trouble with Mr. Castro , '' he said .
	he-13	said-14	-nsubj	he-13 	said-14 
The remarkable feature of this conference was the joint resolution adopted by 180 countries worldwide -- in regard to protection of environment , and above all reducing the emission of greenhouse gases -- , which has isolated America in an undeniable way .

He had also insisted on the right of the allies to be informed and consulted about US plans .
	He-1	insisted-4	-nsubj	He-1 	had-2 also-3 insisted-4 
South Korean ministers fear Bush 's tough talking may put back by years Kim 's so-called Sunshine Policy of establishing a permanent peace .
	ministers-3	fear-4	-nsubj	South-1 Korean-2 ministers-3 	fear-4 
In addition , he will carry the projects of Belgian scientists and industrialists active in the space sector far .

A responsible account of the whole controversy in today 's New York Times reports that Kelsey says the pardon had nothing to do with her corroboration .
	Kelsey-16	says-17	-nsubj	Kelsey-16 	says-17 
The United States is these days ruled by an alliance between two main lobbies , the arms lobby and the Zionist lobby , which sees the world through the eyes of Ari'el Sharon and his extremist government .

Mugabe , whose strongholds are in the countryside , took election campaign to urban areas , where Tsvangirai enjoyed much support among those urban workers .
	Tsvangirai-18	enjoyed-19	-nsubj	Tsvangirai-18 	enjoyed-19 
It will be a mission that will be rich in promises .

`` They understand that our commitment is not just in Afghanistan , that history has given us a unique opportunity to defend freedom , '' he added .
	They-2	understand-3	-nsubj	They-2 	understand-3 	he-26	added-27	-nsubj	he-26 	added-27 	our-5	commitment-6	-poss	our-5 	commitment-6 
`` There is no possibility of legally selling the nuclear waste .

`` We also hope that Iraq gives a favourable response and allows UN weapon inspectors '' to return to the country , he added .
	We-2	hope-4	-nsubj	We-2 	also-3 hope-4 	he-23	added-24	-nsubj	he-23 	added-24 
And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid .
	lawyers-3	warning-5	-nsubj	lawyers-3 	are-4 warning-5 
And besides , Rabinowitz 's efforts on the Times ' behalf were n't really unethical , just puzzling , given the two newspapers ' intense rivalry .

Support Goodwill with a generous donation today .

But Coleco bounced back with the introduction of the Cabbage Patch dolls , whose sales hit $ 600 million in 1985 .

ANKARA , Feb 19 -LRB- A. A -RRB- - President Askar Akayev of Kyrgyzstan arrived in Ankara late on Tuesday .

McCoy invites the support of The __ Company Foundation in the amount of $ 10,000.00 to support such activities as : -- the co-ordination of youth leadership training and youth empowerment efforts at the neighborhood level by means of neighborhood-based youth councils ; -- the promotion of youth employment opportunities ; -- the facilitation of ongoing discussions regarding effective and efficient youth service delivery ; -- the provision of technical assistance and guidance to neighborhoods which seek positive youth-adult relationships ; -- the development of community-wide supports for the positive growth of all Marion County young people .
	McCoy-1	invites-2	-dep-dep	McCoy-1 	invites-2 	McCoy-1	seek-77	-dep-dep	McCoy-1 	seek-77 
She said she would if he called again .
	he-6	called-7	-nsubj	he-6 	called-7 again-8 	She-1	said-2	-nsubj	She-1 	said-2 
This appointment is not expected for a few weeks .

I told her it would be -- certainly as all right as talking to Dunleavy .
	I-1	told-2	-nsubj	I-1 	told-2 
At the Bonn Conference too , the agenda was to tackle and discuss the most urgent and indispensable factors concerning the life of humankind .

But despite the heavy guard on the president 's Pink Palace and the Plaza de Mayo outside , there were no rumblings of intervention by the military which has been subordinate to civilian rule since 1983 .

The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison .

It retained , however , the same mission with which it had been charged from its inception : to serve as a catalyst for effective , coordinated , and collaborative service delivery to youth in our community .

They do their thing , we do ours .

These 60 or so campers have takenon a fund raiser with a goal of raising $ 16,000 for camperships .

Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century .
	Journal-9	listed-10	-nsubj	the-8 Journal-9 	listed-10 
During the talks , also developments about the Middle East peace process will be evaluated and Cem will hold bilateral contacts with foreign ministers of some of the participating countries on the Middle East dispute .

Malan defends a single currency for Mercosur .
	Malan-1	defends-2	-nsubj	Malan-1 	defends-2 
But the argentino would only be backed by the bricks and mortar of government buildings such as the Pink Palace , and analysts have warned it could devalue and spark inflation .
	analysts-23	warned-25	-nsubj	analysts-23 	have-24 warned-25 
`` Frank worked at Star City with much intensity .

Chatterbox considered but rejected the idea of awarding Rabinowitz bonus points for having `` eventually convinced '' Broaddrick to grant an interview to the New York Times -LRB- as the Times reports in today 's story -RRB- .
	Chatterbox-1	considered-2	-nsubj	Chatterbox-1 	considered-2 
`` It 's shameful .

During the past weeks Europe and America witnessed the arrangement of important international conferences , which could on the one hand guarantee the peace and stability of the world , or could instead deteriorate the conditions .

In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Esselte closed yesterday at $ 43.50 a share , up $ 1 .

In the year-earlier quarter , the automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million , or 48 cents a share on a restated basis , on revenue of $ 16.5 million .

`` We hope that the issue would be solved through peaceful means , with initiatives from the UN secretary general and a more active role by the UN , '' Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi told a news conference .
	We-2	hope-3	-nsubj	We-2 	hope-3 	Kharazi-34	told-35	-nsubj	Foreign-31 Minister-32 Kamal-33 Kharazi-34 	told-35 
Malan predicts that Argentina will be more competitive when it emerges from the crisis .
	Malan-1	predicts-2	-nsubj	Malan-1 	predicts-2 
The plan was filed jointly with unsecured creditors in federal bankruptcy court in New York and must be approved by the court .

Kharazi said that some 150 foreigners arrested recently on Iran 's border with Pakistan were not members of the al-Qaeda terror network , but admitted some could be sympathisers and would be sent back to their home countries .
	Kharazi-1	said-2	-nsubj	Kharazi-1 	said-2 
`` But the leaders I 've talked to understand , exactly , what needs to happen .
	I-5	understand-9	-nsubj	the-3 leaders-4 I-5 've-6 talked-7 	to-8 understand-9 
Argentina 's biggest political force , the Peronists , who ruled from 1989-99 , withdrew support from Rodriguez Saa , accusing him of being power-hungry , and convinced other parties to accept in his stead Peronist heavyweight Senator Eduardo Duhalde .
	parties-30	accept-32	-vmod	other-29 parties-30 	to-31 accept-32 
This mentality simultaneously raises apprehensions and resentment , because international economic prosperity can be built on stability , not wars .

said holders of $ 6,542,000 face amount of its 6�1\ % convertible subordinated debentures , due March 15 , 2007 , have elected to convert the debt into about 683,000 common shares .

Even though US officials have stressed that no firm military plans exist for expanding the war on terror launched after the September 11 attacks , they said late Sunday that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein should go .
	officials-4	stressed-6	-nsubj	US-3 officials-4 	have-5 stressed-6 
`` We want to resolve all issues peacefully , whether it be Iraq , Iran or North Korea , '' Bush said , speaking next to Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi .
	We-2	want-3	-nsubj	We-2 	want-3 	Bush-21	said-22	-nsubj	Bush-21 	said-22 
Afghan interim Interior Minister Yunus Qanooni told AFP that two suspects in last week 's murder of aviation and tourism minister Abdul Rahman had been arrested in Saudi Arabia and could be sent back to Afghanistan .

The Bonn Conference however , which dealt with the global environment and examined the condition of world climate , could be appraised as an exception and a relative success .

It was due to this isolation that America , in spite of discrediting -LRB- undermining -RRB- the Kyoto Protocol and declining to comply with the Bonn Conference -LRB- resolution -RRB- , was forced to at least make a promise to cooperate in preventing an increase in air pollution .

He told journalists that he had visited the UAE , Kuwait and Bahrain where he held talks with leaders of those countries as well as Somali nationals there .
	He-1	told-2	-nsubj	He-1 	told-2 
An `` Action Plan `` on how the process should function in coming period and which issues that the process should focus on is foreseen to be accepted at the meeting in which political , economic , social and cultural issues concerning the Mediterranean basin will be discussed .

According to Malan , the dollarization process is irreversible .

Koizumi left for Beijing on Monday morning an hour after the originally scheduled time and will return to Tokyo two hours earlier than scheduled , the officials said .
	officials-27	said-28	-nsubj	the-26 officials-27 	said-28 	Koizumi-1	left-2	-nsubj	Koizumi-1 	left-2 
18 -LRB- CNA -RRB- -- The Republic of China government believes in the US commitment to separating its anti-terrorism campaign from the Taiwan Strait issue , a senior Ministry of Foreign Affairs -LRB- MOFA -RRB- official said Thursday .
	Republic-7	believes-11	-rcmod	The-6 Republic-7 of-8 China-9 government-10 	believes-11 	official-36	said-37	-vmod	a-27 senior-28 Ministry-29 of-30 Foreign-31 Affairs-32 -LRB--33 MOFA-34 -RRB--35 official-36 	said-37 
Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial .

A Providers Council and a Youth Coalition are building relationships that will hopefully bear great fruit in the years to come .

But as the craze died , Coleco failed to come up with another winner and filed for bankruptcy-law protection in July 1988 .

This is a first on a `` TMA , '' which attests to the confidence the Russian and European partners have put in him .
	partners-20	put-22	-nsubj	the-16 Russian-17 and-18 European-19 partners-20 	have-21 put-22 in-23 him-24 
U.S. officials began using it as an offshore holding station during a Haitian refugee crisis in 1991 .

Akayev who will be welcomed by President Ahmet Necdet Sezer with an official ceremony on Wednesday will sign a series of agreements following the meetings between Turkish and Kyrgyz delegations .
	Akayev-1	welcomed-5	-rcmod	Akayev-1 	will-3 be-4 welcomed-5 
`` People in the rural areas support the ruling party because our party has been genuine on its policy on land reform .
	People-2	support-7	-nsubj	People-2 in-3 the-4 rural-5 areas-6 	support-7 
As is known , Frank De Winne 's taxi flight lasting about 10 days comes with a price tax : some 600 million -LRB- Belgian -RRB- francs -LRB- 15.5 million euros -RRB- .

is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees .

Timex is a major U.S. producer and seller of watches , including low-priced battery-operated watches assembled in the Philippines and other developing nations covered by the U.S. tariff preferences .

Washington has long accused Baghdad , under UN sanctions since its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , of developing weapons of mass destruction .
	Washington-1	accused-4	-nsubj	Washington-1 	has-2 long-3 accused-4 
`` While the government of Japan intends to take all necessary steps to ensure the approval by the Diet of the Kyoto Protocol as well as the enactment of the required legislation during the current Diet session ... it is important to establish a common rule in future in which all countries including the United States and developing countries participate , '' the statement said .

To recap , if there ever existed any possibility that at the conferences of New York and Genoa questions regarding : promotion of world security , improvement of economic conditions , defusing regional and global crises and conflicts , checking unleashed competition for rearmament , reduction of the gap between the mainstream and peripheral countries , and ... could be addressed and appropriate , serious , and worthy measures for their solution could be adopted , the opportunity was very easily lost and the meetings flopped completely .

I can tell you we need your help now as much as ever before .
	we-5	need-6	-nsubj	we-5 	need-6 	I-1	tell-3	-nsubj	I-1 	can-2 tell-3 
The conference in New York , which dealt with a ban on demand for light arms , and the Genoa Conference which had a much wider and extended agenda , had two common features between them .

For the past three years , MCCOY has been actively engaged in accomplishing this declared mission in cooperation with many others : youth service providers , youth , funding bodies , and interested citizens to name a few .

The second feature was that both conferences ended without effective result , and the decisions taken and resolutions adopted there lacked conclusiveness and were not operational .

Concerning the environmental protection issue , the emission of toxic and greenhouse gases , and warming up of the planet earth 's climate too , which was somehow related to the -LRB- agenda of -RRB- Bonn Conference , America had relentlessly demonstrated its paradoxical -LRB- as published -RRB- -LRB- controversial -RRB- position and particular stance opposed to that of other developed states by her previous abandonment of the Kyoto Protocol .

MCCOY was reorganized as an independent , not-for-profit agency , separate from local government .

In addition , they will receive stock in the reorganized company , which will be named Ranger Industries Inc. .

`` We want to come up with policies that will result in the creation of more jobs for the youths and those leaving school and colleges .
	We-2	want-3	-nsubj	We-2 	want-3 
The earnings-per-share figures reflect a 25 % stock dividend in June 1989 .
	figures-3	reflect-4	-nsubj	The-1 earnings-per-share-2 figures-3 	reflect-4 
Kao said several senior Bush administration officials , including Secretary of State Colin Powell , has also made reassurances that the United States would not seek mainland China 's support for the anti-terrorism campaign at the expense of Taiwan .
	Kao-1	said-2	-nsubj	Kao-1 	said-2 
When Chatterbox asked the Journal 's DC bureau chief , Alan Murray , who exercised good judgment in not breaking the Broaddrick story -LRB- and -- full disclosure -- is Chatterbox 's former boss -RRB- , to comment about a Journal employee 's feeding sources to the Times , he replied : `` I do n't really have any comment on what the edit page did .
	he-50	replied-51	-nsubj	he-50 	replied-51 
Nor will the space sector 's in particular .

energy company stopped paying a dividend in the third quarter of 1984 because of troubles at its Midland nuclear plant .

Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 .

Their comments were echoed by rural voters , who said the majority of them , who voted for ZANU-PF , were voting for land , and they will get it .

The separatists were killed in two separate encounters in the Mandi area of the southern Poonch district , 225 kilometres -LRB- 140 miles -RRB- northwest of Kashmir 's winter capital Jammu .

U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Miami , said she supported the idea , in part , because it would underscore the naval base 's strategic importance at a time when some members of Congress have urged returning the territory to Cuba .
	she-9	supported-10	-nsubj	she-9 	supported-10 	members-32	urged-36	-nsubj	some-31 members-32 of-33 Congress-34 	have-35 urged-36 
It is believed that sand from northern areas , especially the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region , and floating dust from the city 's uncovered construction sites are the main causes .

This is an amount that Belgian yesterday pledged to pay to Russia .

`` It 's an excellent location , '' she said .
	she-9	said-10	-nsubj	she-9 	said-10 
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case .

A diplomatic source said the affair could become `` embarrassing '' for European countries , `` because of the insistence of the Americans on judging for themselves '' those who supported al-Qaeda .
	source-3	said-4	-nsubj	A-1 diplomatic-2 source-3 	said-4 
Finance Minister Pedro Malan insisted yesterday on the need for a `` more profound constructive engagement '' on the part of multilateral institutions and governments in helping Argentina .
	Malan-4	insisted-5	-nsubj	Finance-1 Minister-2 Pedro-3 Malan-4 	insisted-5 
Here 's how it works : Publications that refuse to acknowledge -LRB- even if to refute the importance of -RRB- highly significant but inconvenient facts in their news or opinion coverage of controversial events will score one point for the initial offense .

The document , a letter sent to both the ESA -LRB- European Space Agency , to which Frank De Winne currently reports -RRB- and the Russian Rosaviacosmos space agency , guaranteed the payment by Belgium of the expenses tied to this space trip .

Timex had requested duty-free treatment for many types of watches , covered by 58 different U.S. tariff classifications .

`` Obviously I 'm worried .
	I-3	worried-5	-nsubj	I-3 	'm-4 worried-5 
Mr. Alito said his office `` just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right .
	Alito-2	said-3	-nsubj	Mr.-1 Alito-2 	said-3 
Spain is one of the leading investors in Argentina , whose instability had a big impact on the results of Spanish banks in 2001 .

The repeated breaching of the embankments of the Yongding and Chaobai rivers also resulted in the desertification of the land with heavy sand being deposited by floods .

The Journal editorial page continues not to acknowledge that Norma Kelsey , the friend and employee to Juanita Broaddrick who is one of two people partially corroborating Broaddrick 's rape accusation , is the daughter of a man whose murderer was pardoned by Gov. Bill Clinton .
	page-4	continues-5	-nsubj	The-1 Journal-2 editorial-3 page-4 	continues-5 not-6 to-7 acknowledge-8 
They said the re-elected president received much of his votes from the rural areas , where voter turnout was considered much higher than that in towns and cities .
	turnout-18	considered-20	-nsubjpass	voter-17 turnout-18 	was-19 considered-20 	They-1	said-2	-nsubj	They-1 	said-2 
It is a ship that is more modern and bigger than the current Soyuzes .

Under his blueprint , the government hopes to stabilize the economy through curtailing state expenditure , reforming public enterprises and expanding agriculture .
	government-6	hopes-7	-nsubj	the-5 government-6 	hopes-7 
Speaking to Radio Dalmar on arrival at No 50 airstrip , the prime minister said his health was now good and that he would soon resume his national duty .

But Chatterbox does n't know any other easily understandable phrase that describes this particular kind of offense .

This is while possessing arms for self-defense is itself a factor that breeds insecurity .

What , however , was most remarkable in the conferences in New York and Genoa , was the fact that most decisions made , were based on interests and tastes of particular groups -LRB- lobbies -RRB- .

It is believed that the glass will make it possible to see the satellite at night .

Stanley Kao , director of MOFA 's North American Affairs Department , made the remarks amid mounting concerns about the possibility that the United States could compromise Taiwan 's interests in exchange for mainland China 's cooperation in the current US-led war on global terrorism .

In the last several years , the business and corporate community has recognized that the positive development of youth is directly related to the development of a competent workforce .
	community-11	recognized-13	-nsubj	the-7 business-8 and-9 corporate-10 community-11 	has-12 recognized-13 
American delegates at the conference maintained that any restriction or ban on the sale , possession , and carrying of light armaments was practically the same as limiting the freedom of action -LRB- as published -RRB- of American citizens , and equal to reducing their margin of security .
	delegates-2	maintained-6	-nsubj	American-1 delegates-2 at-3 the-4 conference-5 	maintained-6 
About 10 years ago , Dirk Frimout was the first Belgian astronaut to go into earth orbit .

Rally officials were n't available to comment late yesterday .

`` I am 77 years old , but I am still going strong .

Still , criminal defense lawyers worry that defendants are being deprived of their Sixth Amendment right to counsel and a fair trial if the government can seize lawyers ' fees .
	lawyers-5	worry-6	-nsubj	criminal-3 defense-4 lawyers-5 	worry-6 
Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing something real to help themselves .
	they-11	decided-12	-nsubj	they-11 	decided-12 
But his tough stand on P'yongyang has provoked concern in Seoul , where President Kim Tae-chung , who is in the last year of his five-year term , has been trying to prise the hermit state out of isolation .
	his-2	stand-4	-poss	his-2 	tough-3 stand-4 on-5 
Esselte AB sold the minority stake five years ago in a $ 40 million international share offering .

help once things stabilized .

Youth who are supported and encouraged by both a family and a society that values Them have a much greater likelihood of becoming productive and contributing members of adult society .

Prior to his departure for Shanghai , Bush said during his meeting with mainland Chinese President Jiang Zemin , he will reaffirm to Jiang the US support for the `` one China '' policy as well as its desire to see a peaceful solution to all disputes between the two sides of the Taiwan Strait .

The nationwide polling results , released by the country 's electoral authorities Wednesday , gave Mugabe of the ruling Zimbabwe African National Union -- Patriotic Front -LRB- ZANU-PF -RRB- 1,685 , 212 votes , or 56 percent , against his closest rival , Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- , with 1 , 258,401 votes , or 41.7 percent .

The US official told reporters traveling with Powell en route to Shanghai for an APEC meeting that he unequivocally denied the Washington Post report that said the Bush administration was considering such a move , specifically to allow sales of spare parts for mainland Chinese-owned helicopters as another weapon in the US war on terrorism .
	he-18	denied-20	-nsubj	he-18 	unequivocally-19 denied-20 	administration-29	considering-31	-nsubj	the-27 Bush-28 administration-29 	considering-31 
In Brussels on Wednesday -LRB- 28 November -RRB- , the French astronaut Claudie Haignere , who had just completed a flight in space together with the Russians that in every way was identical to the one scheduled for De Winne , could not find enough praise for our fellow citizen , with whom she trained for several months in Moscow .
	Haignere-14	find-44	-nsubj	the-10 French-11 astronaut-12 Claudie-13 Haignere-14 	find-44 enough-45 praise-46 
`` It gives new life to Gitmo , '' as the base is often called .

Private organizations are also being encouraged to help fight sandstorms , according to the administration 's vice-director Li Yucai .
	organizations-2	encouraged-6	-nsubjpass	Private-1 organizations-2 	are-3 also-4 being-5 encouraged-6 
He had planned to alleviate the cash crunch by minting the `` argentino '' to circulate alongside pesos , which have been backed up and pegged one-to-one to U.S. dollars for a decade , providing monetary stability and zero inflation .
	He-1	planned-3	-nsubj	He-1 	had-2 planned-3 
Six prisoners facing a capital offence have escaped .

We 've scheduled more than 15 follow-up camper weekends beginning in September and going around till next summers camping season .

The primary objective of the shuttle 's mission to the ISS was to deliver the 4th ISS crew and research equipment .

As regards the recent conference -LRB- Bonn Meeting -RRB- , although the past gatherings like the Hague meeting and Kyoto conference have proved to be failed experiences , nevertheless as the climatic and atmospheric crises are growing more serious , one can be optimistic and hopeful about the success of such protocols and pacts , and implementation of the agreements , even though they are not protected by any sanctions .

Against this backdrop , Kao said , the ROC government is optimistic about defense cooperation with the United States .
	government-10	optimistic-12	-nsubj	the-8 ROC-9 government-10 	is-11 optimistic-12 	Kao-5	said-6	-nsubj	Kao-5 	said-6 
Asked about French Foreign Minister Hubert Vedrine 's criticism of the `` axis '' concept as `` simplistic , '' Bush said : `` I understand what happens in the international arena ; people say things .
	Vedrine-7	criticism-9	-poss	French-3 Foreign-4 Minister-5 Hubert-6 Vedrine-7 's-8 	criticism-9 	Bush-21	said-22	-nsubj	Bush-21 	said-22 	I-25	understand-26	-nsubj	I-25 	understand-26 	people-34	say-35	-nsubj	people-34 	say-35 
Of the 1,685,212 votes Mugabe garnered , there are some more votes coming from towns and cities , which were boosting his lead in the crucial poll .

Meanwhile , a foreign wire service report from Shanghai quoted a senior US Department of State official as saying Wednesday that the Bush administration has no plans to ease sanctions against mainland China .
	administration-24	has-25	-nsubj	the-22 Bush-23 administration-24 	has-25 no-26 plans-27 
By 2005 , 50 per cent of Beijing 's land , including both urban and rural areas , will have been covered with trees .

The Bank of Spain Governor did not want to detail what points Argentina should deal with to expand its program .
	Bank-2	want-8	-nsubj	The-1 Bank-2 of-3 Spain-4 Governor-5 	did-6 not-7 want-8 
BUENOS AIRES - Argentina ended 2001 leaderless and penniless yesterday with its new interim president resigning a week into the job and the country fearing more bloodshed and the loss of savings frozen in the banks .

An initial segment of 2.5 million euros -LRB- Frank 's training costs -RRB- will reportedly be paid in the next few days .

We have met with a number of successes along the way , most notably the Summer Fun Line , the Metro Summer Bus Pass , and the development of ten neighborhood youth councils .
	We-1	met-3	-nsubj	We-1 	have-2 met-3 
Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .
	Antar-6	denied-8	-nsubj	Mr.-5 Antar-6 	has-7 denied-8 
The current US administration will consult with no one , not even its closest allies , whether in Europe or its followers in the Third World , particularly in the Arab world .
	administration-4	consult-6	-nsubj	The-1 current-2 US-3 administration-4 	will-5 consult-6 
The conference opened with fierce demonstrations by the opponents of economic globalization , who maintained that what is being concocted by globalization is in fact poverty .

This , the Minister insists , is why `` it makes no sense to demand that everything be done in one or two weeks , '' referring to what the IMF and some governments , like that of the United States , are asking .
	Minister-4	insists-5	-nsubj	the-3 Minister-4 	insists-5 
We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC .

Publications receiving a score of 10 will be inducted into the Indis Hall of Fame .

According to the Mission Control , the satellite which is no larger than a volley ball , has been made by thousands of students who were polishing small pieces of glass subsequently putting them on its surface .

-LRB- Sentences are as published -RRB- The most important of the three conferences , which subsequently gained even more prominence , was the conference in Genova ; perhaps even more so for the results `` not obtained '' at the conference , and which led to the subsequent intense dissatisfaction and frustration of the leading industrial states attending the meeting .

Even after the summer sessions come to a close , Jameson campers will take part in year-round programs designed to keep that positive contact with peers and role models alive and important .

US diplomats say Bush will seek to support Kim 's Nobel Prize winning policy by offering new talks with the North , while remaining firm about North Korea 's missile sales and its feared chemical and biological weapons programs .
	diplomats-2	say-3	-nsubj	US-1 diplomats-2 	say-3 	Bush-4	seek-6	-nsubj	Bush-4 	will-5 seek-6 to-7 support-8 
Beijing was struck by sandstorms several times this spring .

In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized .
	they-20	expect-22	-nsubj	they-20 	could-21 expect-22 
On rare occasions , Cuban defectors get there by swimming through dangerous waters or by traversing a Cuban minefield .

Many more camper referrals are coming from new organizations such as school social-workers and family counseling agencies .

Previously , watch imports were denied such duty-free treatment .

Everyone benefits from the work we do together .

He repeatedly said that the occupation of the Palestinian territories could lead to corruption in Israel and would only create scandals for the regime .
	He-1	said-3	-nsubj	He-1 	repeatedly-2 said-3 
No updated figure was available Thursday .

Which is what Journal news employees are instructed to say whenever the editorial page causes them cringing embarrassment .
	them-16	cringing-17	-nsubj	them-16 	cringing-17 embarrassment-18 
While we have made significant inroads , there remains much to be done and it is clear that we can not do it alone .

Malan noted that as part of the constructive engagement in relation to Argentina , a group of experts spent the day with authorities from that country , recounting their experiences in situations like the one the Argentines are facing .
	Malan-1	noted-2	-nsubj	Malan-1 	noted-2 
And his `` parachute '' too .

However , a large number of middle-aged people , who benefited from Mugabe 's reign , are still nostalgic about the lost time and voted for him with a strong hope for economic revival .
	number-5	nostalgic-19	-nsubj	a-3 large-4 number-5 of-6 middle-aged-7 people-8 	are-17 still-18 nostalgic-19 
He is making appreciable efforts to meet the other foreign cosmonauts who are in training there and share his experiences .

`` This assessment confirms us in our choices , '' a delighted Ylieff said .

The companies said the transaction is being structured this way because the laws of the Netherlands Antilles , under which Erbamont is organized , do n't provide for merger transactions .
	companies-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 companies-2 	said-3 
Because , from the very start it could be predicted that on the subject of economic globalization , the developed and capitalist states were going to come across fierce opposition by dissident groups and the supporters of economic growth in poor countries .

He suggests the definition of a series of priorities .
	He-1	suggests-2	-nsubj	He-1 	suggests-2 
In a word , De Winne 's ticket into space has been financed .

The Minister says that after the October elections in Brazil , it will be necessary to make more progress in the process of making changes to which the country has been committed over the past years .
	Minister-2	says-3	-nsubj	The-1 Minister-2 	says-3 
Pedro Malan 's attitude in relation to Argentina is very different from that of Jaime Caruana , governor of the Bank of Spain , the Spanish central bank .
	Malan-2	attitude-4	-poss	Pedro-1 Malan-2 's-3 	attitude-4 
So he will be the second most qualified crew member on board , behind the on-board comander , who still needs to be appointed by the Russian space authorities .

Bush has lumped those three countries together in what terms an `` axis of evil , '' in language that has riled US allies .
	Bush-1	lumped-3	-nsubj	Bush-1 	has-2 lumped-3 
`` America 's rulers have proved that they can not be trusted , '' he said .
	he-15	said-16	-nsubj	he-15 	said-16 	rulers-4	proved-6	-nsubj	America-2 's-3 rulers-4 	have-5 proved-6 
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June .

According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made .

She said , ` Well , I 'm sorry I did n't .
	She-1	said-2	-nsubj	She-1 	said-2 
And that 's from kids many people see as a problem .
	people-7	see-8	-nsubj	many-6 people-7 	see-8 as-9 a-10 problem-11 	kids-5	see-8	-rcmod	kids-5 	see-8 as-9 a-10 problem-11 
Students of several universities , in their turn , will be calculating its speed and its orbit parameters .

Because it has published three times since the initial omission , it scores an additional three points .

Bush is due to travel to Seoul Tuesday and the following day will visit the heavily fortified no-man 's land between South Korea and communist North Korea .

Until all those above us stop stealing , Argentina has no way out , '' said a woman lining up outside a bank in the rain from before dawn to try to get her cash .
	woman-18	said-16	-nsubj	a-17 woman-18 	said-16 
The government has been giving us land and that will win us votes , '' said Kudakwashe Mapfumo , whose family was among the first beneficiaries of the land reform .
	Mapfumo-18	said-16	-nsubj	Kudakwashe-17 Mapfumo-18 	said-16 
Ros-Lehtinen suggested Thursday that the move might raise the hackles of Cuba 's government , but Rumsfeld dismissed those concerns .
	Ros-Lehtinen-1	suggested-2	-nsubj	Ros-Lehtinen-1 	suggested-2 	Rumsfeld-17	dismissed-18	-nsubj	Rumsfeld-17 	dismissed-18 
On Thursday -LRB- 29 November -RRB- the Belgian Government formally committed itself , vis-a-vis its Russian and European partners -LRB- the European Space Agency -LRB- ESA -RRB- -RRB- , to pay Frank De Winne 's ticket into space .

Bush may raise the greenhouse gas matter when he visits Japan for a three-day stay starting Sunday , although Japan 's weakened economy is expected to be the focus of talks .

Back on the Earth , they will report about the results they have obtained since August 13 .
	they-6	report-8	-nsubj	they-6 	will-7 report-8 
It slightly resembles of these rotating glass balls which are usually used in disco clubs .

Malan defends a different posture : `` to set aside the notion of cynicism , skepticism , that things will not work out , '' and believe , like the Europeans , that there is a future to be built by the Mercosur countries and Chile and Bolivia , the associate members .
	Malan-1	defends-2	-nsubj	Malan-1 	defends-2 a-3 different-4 posture-5 
US Secretary of State Colin Powell , described as one of the few enlightened officials in President Bush 's administration , is trying to `` patch up '' President Bush 's statements , especially his latest one in which he made reckless threats at the `` axis of evil , '' namely Iran , Iraq and North Korea .
	he-40	made-41	-nsubj	he-40 	made-41 reckless-42 
In his view , Kao said the cross-strait balance of military power is critical to the ROC 's national security .
	his-2	view-3	-poss	his-2 	view-3 	Kao-5	said-6	-nsubj	Kao-5 	said-6 
The businessman , who identified himself as Ivan Ivanov and has worked in India , Pakistan , Sri Lanka and the United Arab Emirates , told AFP that a group of Pakistani nationals introduced him to bin Laden , the prime suspect in the US terrorist attacks , on April 10 in Peshawar .

On it Frank De Winne will serve as the on-board engineer .

The green belts have helped protect the crops from sand , wind , drought and floods to guarantee grain production , Cai said .
	Cai-22	said-23	-nsubj	Cai-22 	said-23 
The first was that large and numerous bodies of dissidents were opposing the wishes and interests of a small but powerful group .
	bodies-8	opposing-12	-nsubj	large-5 and-6 numerous-7 bodies-8 of-9 dissidents-10 	were-11 opposing-12 
Justin Feldman and Jack Arseneault , attorneys for Mr. Antar , both declined to comment on the matter .

The unit said it can provide no assurance a transaction will occur .

Regarding the American proposed Anti-Missile Defense System too , neither Russia , China , Japan , nor even the European Union , had shown any enthusiasm ; rather they had all expressed their reserves on the project .

Over the next 10 years , China will invest 6 billion yuan -LRB- US$ 720 million -RRB- to prevent sandstorms hitting Beijing , according to sources from the State Forestry Administration .

All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity -LRB- and , truth be told , with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in -RRB- and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open .

During Mugabe 's 22-year-rule , the country used to boast of having a good education system and a good health system , which was to some extent affected by the lackluster economy .
	country-7	used-8	-nsubj	the-6 country-7 	used-8 to-9 boast-10 
Iran , which has long had tense relations with its western neighbor , voiced opposition to a new US strike against Iraq .
	Iran-1	had-6	-rcmod	Iran-1 	has-4 long-5 had-6 tense-7 relations-8 	Iran-1	voiced-14	-nsubj	Iran-1 	voiced-14 opposition-15 
We therefore have to expect the worst in the near future .
	We-1	have-3	-nsubj	We-1 	therefore-2 have-3 to-4 expect-5 
This priority is urgent right now , '' he told participants in the seminar on `` The Euro and Brazil , '' organized by this newspaper .
	he-9	told-10	-nsubj	he-9 	told-10 
In several weeks , he learned the indispensable bases of the Russian language .
	he-5	learned-6	-nsubj	he-5 	learned-6 
During the three-hour occupation , protesters hurled leaflets proclaiming Bush to be a `` war freak '' .
	leaflets-8	proclaiming-9	-nsubj	leaflets-8 	proclaiming-9 
But bickering politicians agreed the crisis was too serious to subject Argentina to the pressure of quick elections , which had been scheduled for March , and decided yesterday to choose an interim leader to rule until 2003 , when De la Rua 's mandate was to end .
	politicians-3	agreed-4	-nsubj	politicians-3 	agreed-4 
Goodwill has devised the programs that turned your investment into results .

For her part , Rabinowitz explains to Chatterbox that her efforts on behalf of the Times were more indifferent than the Times made them sound .
	Rabinowitz-5	explains-6	-nsubj	Rabinowitz-5 	explains-6 
Moscow , 16 July : The Russian Foreign Ministry has called for `` taking into account Russia 's specific interests '' in working out international documents concerning the regulation of emissions .
	Ministry-9	called-11	-dep-appos-nsubj	The-6 Russian-7 Foreign-8 Ministry-9 	has-10 called-11 for-12 
And it is likely that until each party seeks its own particular interest in the conflict , and until the rivalry persists , the question would continue to remain unresolved .
	party-8	seeks-9	-nsubj	each-7 party-8 	seeks-9 
And there are a lot of people who face these challenges every day of their lives .

The companies said the accord was unanimously approved by a special committee of Erbamont directors unaffiliated with Montedison .
	companies-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 companies-2 	said-3 
Kao said US President George W. Bush 's trip to Shanghai is mainly to attend the annual informal leadership meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- forum to seek expansion of the anti-terrorism coalition .
	Kao-1	said-2	-nsubj	Kao-1 	said-2 
In a few weeks the second Belgian to go up there will don a Russian cosmonaut 's space suit .

The shuttle will bring back to the Earth its crew , which has spent 7 days on-board the International Space Station -LRB- ISS , -RRB- and the 3rd long-term expedition to the ISS , namely , American astronaut Frank Culbertson and two Russian cosmonauts Vladimir Dezhurov and Mikhail Tyurin .

So our work must continue .

The issue of good housing and similar services is also a top priority of the government , '' Mugabe said in a recent rally held in the capital Harare , the biggest political fortress for the MDC party .
	Mugabe-19	said-20	-nsubj	Mugabe-19 	said-20 
But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money-fund concept , Harry Brown and myself .

So , if that should prove necessary , De Winne will be able to personally pilot the space ship .

Montedison S.p. A. definitively agreed to buy all of the publicly held shares of Erbamont N.V. for $ 37 each .

The Journal editorial page gets one point for failing to note the pardon in its initial Op-Ed by Dorothy Rabinowitz on Feb. .

`` Today we have comparable statistics ; there is a macroeconomic monitoring group in the Finance Ministry and experts from the six countries ' central banks who meet regularly .

It is estimated that the Patterson group controls more than 40 % of Rally 's stock .

According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure .
	prosecutors-11	issued-12	-nsubj	prosecutors-11 	issued-12 their-13 warning-14 
TOKYO , Feb 15 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - Japan Friday welcomed President George W. Bush 's alternative to the Kyoto Protocol on reducing greenhouse gases , but said it will press on with ratification of the pact the US rejected .
	US-39	rejected-40	-vmod	the-38 US-39 	rejected-40 	it-29	press-31	-nsubj	it-29 	will-30 press-31 on-32 
Visitors can reach it only under strict military escort and with prior permission from the Pentagon , aboard special small shuttle flights that reach the base by a circuitous flight from the United States .

He said police have been combing the area for the escapees but none of them had been re-arrested .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
We 've helped people break free of the welfare cycle .

Cuban leader Fidel Castro has long argued that the U.S. military occupation of the base is illegal , while U.S. officials say the base exists under a lease agreement that was part of a 1934 treaty with Cuba .
	Castro-4	argued-7	-nsubj	Cuban-1 leader-2 Fidel-3 Castro-4 	has-5 long-6 argued-7 	officials-21	say-22	-nsubj	U.S.-20 officials-21 	say-22 
Based on this effort of statistical harmonization , we announced , in December 2000 , an agreement for basic convergence parameters .
	we-9	announced-10	-nsubj	we-9 	announced-10 
He said Somali nationals in Kuwait and Bahrain had expressed their satisfaction and support for the interim Somali government .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
But the leaders did not `` specifically '' talk about military action against any other country , a senior US administration official said .
	official-22	said-23	-nsubj	a-18 senior-19 US-20 administration-21 official-22 	said-23 
Imports of the types of watches that now will be eligible for duty-free treatment totaled about $ 37.3 million in 1988 , a relatively small share of the $ 1.5 billion in U.S. watch imports that year , according to an aide to U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills .

The Pentagon is planning to house captured al Qaeda terrorists and Taliban fighters for an undetermined time at the base on the island 's isolated eastern coast , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Thursday .
	Pentagon-2	planning-4	-nsubj	The-1 Pentagon-2 	is-3 planning-4 	Rumsfeld-32	said-33	-nsubj	Defense-29 Secretary-30 Donald-31 Rumsfeld-32 	said-33 
That comes to a total of six .

Ordinary Argentines have been pouring into the streets night after hot summer night , banging pots and pans demanding , and eventually receiving , the resignation of De la Rua , his unpopular economy minister and aides to Rodriguez Saa who were suspected of corruption .

ANKARA -LRB- A. A -RRB- - 21.04.2002 - Foreign Minister Ismail Cem left on Sunday for Spain to attend the Fifth Meeting of Foreign Ministers of Europe-Mediterranean Process .

a once high-flying toy maker whose stock peaked at $ 65 a share in the early 1980s , filed a Chapter 11 reorganization plan that provides just 1.125 cents a share for common stockholders .

Since its re-organization , MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does best : helping to identify youth needs , convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs , and moving toward collaborative solutions .

Guantanamo has detention space for about 100 people .

In another verbal attack Kharazi accused the United States of wanting to exercise `` world dictatorship '' since the `` horrible attacks '' of September 11 .
	Kharazi-5	accused-6	-nsubj	Kharazi-5 	accused-6 
Giant Group owned 22 % of Rally 's shares before the initial public offering .

People there are really unanimous about him , '' she told us .
	People-1	unanimous-5	-nsubj	People-1 	there-2 are-3 really-4 unanimous-5 	she-10	told-11	-nsubj	she-10 	told-11 
The fact that he subsequently denied these speculations does not mean they are baseless .
	he-4	denied-6	-nsubj	he-4 	subsequently-5 denied-6 
In an interview with the Qatari Al Jazeera television network , Burg denounced the policy , much to the displeasure of Israeli officials and right-wing MPs .
	Burg-12	denounced-13	-nsubj	Burg-12 	denounced-13 
They also worry that if the government applies asset-forfeiture laws broadly , the best defense lawyers will be unwilling to take criminal cases unless they are assured of being paid .
	They-1	worry-3	-nsubj	They-1 	worry-3 
for changes in the U.S. Generalized System of Preferences for imports from developing nations .

Bush 's plan , which he revealed in a speech Thursday night , would slow emissions growth by reducing `` greenhouse gas intensity '' -- the ratio of emissions to economic output -- by a target of 18 percent over 10 years .
	Bush-1	plan-3	-poss	Bush-1 	plan-3 
Even the eagerness for playing an intermediary role in the Middle East crisis has given rise to fierce competition between America , European Union , and Russia and China .

Deputy Police Spokesman Dola Indidis said the escapees gained freedom after digging out a hole on the wall using a chisel .

He is therefore planning to trigger wars here and there to revive the flagging arms industry .
	He-1	planning-4	-nsubj	He-1 	is-2 therefore-3 planning-4 
Your contribution will enable us to both continue and expand the good work we have begun in making Indianapolis a city famous for its commitment to youth and families .

There is also a gate between Cuba proper and the base that is sometimes opened for meetings between military commanders , or to repatriate Cubans who have been taken to the base .

But , Koizumi has not changed his plan to visit the Marco Polo Bridge , the site of the 1937 clash that led to an eight-year war between Japan and China , and a nearby museum commemorating China 's anti-Japanese movement , they said .

said management would recommend to its board today that its common stock dividend be reinstated at a `` modest level '' later this year .

The sums obtained will result from the assignment of a portion of the space budget to this mission -LRB- and its many related scientific fall-outs -RRB- rather than to other optional programs .

Oddly enough , speculations swirled in Washington that Powell listened to President Bush 's speech and his threats to `` the axis of evil '' like any other US citizen .

Giant has interests in cement making and newsprint .

She asked if I thought it would be all right to talk to the Times reporter .
	I-4	thought-5	-nsubj	I-4 	thought-5 	She-1	asked-2	-nsubj	She-1 	asked-2 if-3 I-4 thought-5 
The Endeavour shuttle is expected to land on the US Cape Canaveral launch site , Florida , at 08:55 p. m. , Moscow time , the Russian Mission Control reported .

Afghanistan is now under US bombardment for refusing to hand over the chief suspect in the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington , Saudi-born dissident Osama bin Laden -LRB- Usama Bin Ladin -RRB- .

`` It is the United States that is threatening Iraq and not the contrary .

Plunged into chaos by looting and deadly riots that forced Fernando de la Rua to resign as president a week ago , Argentina fell deeper into anarchy when interim leader Adolfo Rodriguez Saa quit on Sunday after losing his party 's support .

Prime Minister Hasan Abshir Farah returned to Mogadishu today -LRB- 9 May -RRB- , after having been away for a month to receive medical treatment .

According to Malan , another approach is necessary in this period of transition of the Argentine crisis .

On its way home , the shuttle launched into space the Starshine micro-satellite , which had been designed by students .

For he affirmed in the first speech that there would be no dialogue with Iraq until after it has accepted the return of the UN arms inspectors .
	he-2	affirmed-3	-nsubj	he-2 	affirmed-3 
That was with the US Atlantis shuttle .

Despite the economic hardships and food shortages currently experienced by Zimbabweans , analysts said there are other major achievements Mugabe 's government is credited for .
	analysts-13	said-14	-nsubj	Zimbabweans-11 ,-12 analysts-13 	said-14 
As of 1999 , 2,400 civilians were on the base , including the families of the sailors and Marines who manage the port and patrol the fence line that separates the base from communist-ruled Cuba .

A young Arab chemical engineer contacted him the next day , he said , to ask him to act as an intermediary in the sale of the nuclear fuel from the Kozlodui nuclear power plant .
	he-12	said-13	-nsubj	he-12 	said-13 	he-12	ask-16	-nsubj	he-12 	to-15 ask-16 
According to the Minister , Mercosur managed , after an `` enormous technical effort , ' something that did not exist in the region two years ago - the harmonization of the statistics of the member countries , Bolivia and Chile , which were not comparable before .

a fast-food company based in Louisville , Ky. .

De Winne will thus qualify technically in space piloting .

Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid .
	they-3	said-4	-nsubj	they-3 	said-4 
During the 1994-95 rafter crisis , 50,000 Cubans and Haitians were housed there in a tent encampment after U.S. naval vessels had picked them up at sea .

Given the degree of uncertainty that prevails over the inflation , foreign exchange and interest rates and over the economy 's real Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- this year , the approach should not be the traditional one , the Finance Minister says .
	Minister-43	says-44	-nsubj	the-41 Finance-42 Minister-43 	says-44 
The Post quoted US officials as saying the White House was considering a waiver of sanctions imposed after the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown in Beijing to allow the sale of parts for Black Hawks that Washington sold to mainland China in the 1980s .
	Post-2	considering-12	-nsubj	The-1 Post-2 quoted-3 US-4 officials-5 	considering-12 
But Baghdad insisted Sunday it could not be a threat to the United States .
	Baghdad-2	insisted-3	-nsubj	Baghdad-2 	insisted-3 
taunting the rest of the press for not following it on the story -- and still did n't mention the pardon -- it scores an extra two points .

But the Scientific Method does not permit any tinkering with the Indis Index 's scoring procedures .

Because the base is not on U.S. soil , people detained there are not entitled to American residency and eventual citizenship privileges .

Angry anti-US protests erupted in Seoul ahead of Bush 's arrival with police storming the American Chamber of Commerce and detaining 32 students occupying the building .

Here are the views expressed by two of the prominent characters attending the Genoa Conference .

`` A little calm is needed , the ability to look ahead , not let oneself be carried by the difficulties of the moment , '' he emphasizes .
	he-27	emphasizes-28	-nsubj	he-27 	emphasizes-28 
U.S. trade officials said the Philippines and Thailand would be the main beneficiaries of the president 's action .
	officials-3	said-4	-nsubj	U.S.-1 trade-2 officials-3 	said-4 
There are a lot of barriers that keep people from working : physical and mental disabilities , history of welfare dependency and lack of education or self-esteem .

The base is extremely isolated .

October 7 , 1996 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : In the summer of 1993 , the Marion County Commission on Youth began what can best be described as a `` new era '' in its history .

We seek the financial support of the Foundation to help us be successful in creating the atmosphere in our community where young people can grow and develop well .
	We-1	seek-2	-nsubj	We-1 	seek-2 
It said the helicopters were designed for high altitudes typical of much of mainland China , including its Afghan border .

The price in the proposal is $ 43.50 for each of the 4.9 million shares the parent does n't own , or $ 213.2 million .

This was an important step that President Fernando Henrique Cardoso called a little Maastricht , that is , the search for convergence parameters that serve as a reference point for talks between experts from the six countries , the Minister says .
	Cardoso-10	called-11	-nsubj	President-7 Fernando-8 Henrique-9 Cardoso-10 	called-11 	Minister-40	says-41	-nsubj	the-39 Minister-40 	says-41 
In our fund raising efforts to date , we have received the support of local government , foundations , and corporations as well as the personal financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members .

But Caruana said that the banks `` did their homework '' and made provisions for their investments in Argentina .
	Caruana-2	said-3	-nsubj	Caruana-2 	said-3 
In addition , CMS reported third-quarter net of $ 68.2 million , or 83 cents a share , up from $ 66.8 million , or 81 cents a share , a year ago .

The latest , and also undoubtedly the most logical , is internal to the SSTC , the federal Scientific , Technical , and Cultural Services , which , in particular , manage the country 's space budgets .

This crew will stay on-board the ISS till May 2002 .

Noting that the United States has consistently attached great importance to Asia-Pacific regional stability and security , Kao said the robust US arms sales package to Taiwan struck in April this year signifies that the United States is serious about security in the region .
	Kao-18	said-19	-nsubj	Kao-18 	said-19 
We 've expanded Goodwill 's proven methods to towns and neighborhoods where they are needed most .

Please , consider renewing your support of these great kids today .

His dynamism is an asset .

Although some things have gone wrong under ZANU-PF leadership , Zimbabweans still chose Mugabe , the political strong man , because they said they were lured by his Millennium Economic Recovery Program .
	Zimbabweans-11	chose-13	-nsubj	Zimbabweans-11 	still-12 chose-13 
They are the ones attacking Iraq , not the other way round , '' said Ath-Thawra , mouthpiece of the ruling Baath party in Baghdad .

Of course , we 've played different roles .

Critics of the meeting , on the margin of the conference , up held the view that the American government , instead of heeding the wishes of international community , and protecting the security of world nations , and above all the safety of its own citizens , has paid more attention to the interests of corporations and huge arms producers and military-industrial complexes that reap tremendous profits annually from the sale of such armaments .
	Critics-1	held-14	-nsubj	Critics-1 of-2 the-3 meeting-4 	held-14 the-15 view-16 
At any rate , Secretary Powell 's remark about the US administration 's readiness to enter dialogue with these `` evil '' states and with Washington 's friends on ways of dealing with them involves some contradictions .
	administration-12	readiness-14	-poss	the-10 US-11 administration-12 	readiness-14 
The governments attending the conference had a long and varied agenda , including : economic globalization , the anti-missile shield defense project , the Kyoto Protocol and environmental protection , the political and military crises in the Middle East , the Balkans , and Afghanistan , moratorium on the accumulated debt of the poor countries , and ... -LRB- as published -RRB- They meant to reach some form of agreement or understanding about those issues , but unexpected events left all that in limbo and uncertainty .
	They-63	meant-64	-dep-dep	They-63 	meant-64 	They-63	agreement-70	-dep-dep	They-63 	agreement-70 or-71 understanding-72 	The-1	meant-64	-dep-dep	The-1 governments-2 	meant-64 	The-1	agreement-70	-dep-dep	The-1 governments-2 	agreement-70 or-71 understanding-72 	They-63	uncertainty-86	-dep-dep	They-63 	uncertainty-86 
The 4th long-term expedition to the ISS is led by Russian cosmonaut Yuri Onufriyenko .

Others are at a U.S. military compound in Kandahar , Afghanistan , where U.S. forces built a stockade of sorts to house them .

`` Even if Iraq possessed such weapons , it could not threaten the United States .

Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding .

The White House said Mr. Bush decided to grant duty-free status for 18 categories , but turned down such treatment for other types of watches `` because of the potential for material injury to watch producers located in the U.S. and the Virgin Islands .
	House-3	said-4	-nsubj	The-1 White-2 House-3 	said-4 	House-3	decided-7	-nsubj-ccomp	The-1 White-2 House-3 	decided-7 	Bush-6	decided-7	-nsubj	Mr.-5 Bush-6 	decided-7 
Publications that get all the way up to 20 will be faxed a likeness of Joseph Stalin .

`` We 've made no secret of the fact that we think that the world will be much safer when the Iraqi people have a regime that they deserve instead of the regime that they have , '' National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice told CBS television .
	we-11	think-12	-nsubj	we-11 	think-12 
`` We planted trees mainly in the major five areas that are severely endangered by sandy wind , '' said Cai Baojun , an official with the bureau in charge of forest planting .

Saini said the rebels , most of them foreign mercenaries , had recently entered the district across the Line of Control -- the de facto border that divides Kashmir between India and Pakistan .
	Saini-1	said-2	-nsubj	Saini-1 	said-2 
These are fine words , but they do not reflect the reality , because the hard-line wing in the US administration comprising Vice President Dick Cheney , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice have the final say in running affairs at the White House , and have direct influence on President Bush .

The prisoners charged with robbery with violence escaped from their cells at Molo -LRB- Rift Valley Province -RRB- Police Station .

He had not read the speech before President Bush delivered it , as he was supposed to do by virtue of his post .

Argentina is a very important part of our hemisphere , '' Bush said .
	Bush-12	said-13	-nsubj	Bush-12 	said-13 
The prisoners from Afghanistan are not expected to arrive for weeks , and Rumsfeld said there are no plans to stage military tribunals or trials at the base , which is home to about 1,100 members of the Navy and Marine Corps .
	Rumsfeld-14	said-15	-nsubj	Rumsfeld-14 	said-15 
When Italian police intervened and roughly handled the demonstrations , things got out of hand ; the already volatile situation reached boiling point , violent clashes broke out , and the killing of one protestor overshadowed all other issues .

They are stockpiled in a secure depot located inside the power station before being sent to Russia to be processed , '' said Anton Ivanov .
	Ivanov-25	said-23	-nsubj	Anton-24 Ivanov-25 	said-23 
He will become one of the best elements in the corps of European astronauts .

The minister however said Japan will press on with ratification of the 1997 Kyoto pact on global warming , which environment ministers from 160 countries -- with the exception of the United States -- agreed on in Morocco last November after marathon talks .

The US administration has already decided to `` punish '' any country it believes poses a danger to the Hebrew State .
	administration-3	decided-6	-nsubj	The-1 US-2 administration-3 	has-4 already-5 decided-6 	it-13	believes-14	-nsubj	it-13 	believes-14 
The company said the holders represent 52 % of the face amount of the debentures .
	company-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 company-2 	said-3 
A catastrophe would engulf every country if the US arms industry progressed at the expense of the world 's security and stability .

I passed this on to -LRB- Times reporter -RRB- Felicity Barringer during our second day 's interview chat .

SOFIA , Sept 26 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - A Bulgarian businessman claimed Wednesday that aides to Osama bin Laden approached him in April to try to purchase spent nuclear fuel from a Bulgarian plant and that he met with the Saudi dissident .

Several avenues have been explored to collect the overall amount .

Separately , Esselte Business Systems reported third-quarter net income fell 5.9 % to $ 9.5 million , or 46 cents a share , from $ 10.1 million , or 49 cents a share , in the year-ago period .

company 's stock hit a high in 1983 after it unveiled its Adam home computer , but the product was plagued with glitches and the company 's fortunes plunged .

Washington alleges that Tehran has allowed al-Qa ` ida fighters and members of the Taliban regime to enter Iran , which Iranian officials have hotly denied but said they would act if provided with evidence .
	Washington-1	alleges-2	-nsubj	Washington-1 	alleges-2 	Tehran-4	allowed-6	-nsubj	Tehran-4 	has-5 allowed-6 	officials-23	denied-26	-nsubj	Iranian-22 officials-23 	have-24 hotly-25 denied-26 
Malan criticizes the stance taken by multilateral institutions like the IMF , who are asking for reforms in Argentina before the country can receive financial help .
	Malan-1	criticizes-2	-nsubj	Malan-1 	criticizes-2 
When you and I help somebody find a job , one more person joins the ranks of tax payers , fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain another consumer .

It lumped North Korea with Iran and Iraq as part of the `` axis of evil '' only to mislead Arabs and Muslims and to create the impression that Islam is not alone targeted .

`` The government of Japan appreciates the announcement of climate change policy by the government of the United States on February 14 as a demonstration of its serious intention to address the issue of global warming , '' Foreign Minister Yoriko Kawaguchi said in a statement .

The country of 36 million people is living in fear of more shop looting and violence that killed 27 people before De la Rua quit , of more riots like those that erupted on Friday and of more misery as a four-year-old recession grinds on .
	country-2	living-8	-nsubj	The-1 country-2 of-3 36-4 million-5 people-6 	is-7 living-8 in-9 fear-10 
Some Washington diplomats consider giving back the land a potential carrot for negotiation with a democratic Cuban government .
	diplomats-3	consider-4	-nsubj	Some-1 Washington-2 diplomats-3 	consider-4 
`` We believe in the sincerity of the United States in promising not to mix up its counter-terrorism drive with the Taiwan Strait issue , '' Kao said , adding that relevant US officials have on many occasions reaffirmed similar commitments to the ROC .
	We-2	believe-3	-nsubj	We-2 	believe-3 	Kao-27	said-28	-nsubj	Kao-27 	said-28 	officials-34	reaffirmed-39	-nsubj	relevant-32 US-33 officials-34 	reaffirmed-39 
You have helped make Goodwill 's work possible with your previous support .

As of Thursday , the United States had an estimated 45 prisoners in custody .

The unit , which is the holding company for Esselte 's non-Swedish units , accounted for 58 % of sales and 71 % of operating profit last year .

A 200-metre belt of trees has been planted on each side of the Yongding , Chaobai , Dasha and Wenyu rivers , which was previously the city 's most desertificated land .

While the moratorium on part of Argentina 's $ 132-billion public debt , heralding the biggest default in history , had long been expected by markets that have dumped Argentine bonds this year , Rodriguez Saa 's plans for a new currency caused alarm .

They said fighting for the settlers who had occupied the Palestinian lands was by no means a defensive act , and was merely part of the criminal policies of Israel .
	They-1	said-2	-nsubj	They-1 	said-2 
Security forces cordoned off two rebel hideouts in the villages of Jalian and Bandi Kama Khan .

Montedison now owns about 72 % of Erbamont 's shares outstanding .

The group currently holds 3,027,330 Rally 's shares , or 45.2 % of its commmon shares outstanding .

So -- that 's how it happens that in the New York Times piece today I 'm described -- solemnly -- as having ` eventually convinced ' her to repeat the story to the New York Times .

After two weeks of discussion and exchange of views at the New York Conference , it was decided to pay heed to the resolute demands advanced by the majority of the participants , who emphatically insisted on the imposition of a ban on the sale of light weaponry .

After defending his `` crown '' to his last-ditch efforts , the veteran statesman , who bragged him a `` young old man '' with abundant reserves of energy to continue ruling Zimbabwe , has finally won the political boxing match against Tsvangirai , a more youthful opponent , who celebrated his 50th birthday on Sunday .

A Foreign Ministry statement in connection with the opening of a conference of the signatories to the UN framework convention on climate change in Bonn reads that taking into account Russia 's interests `` is of vital importance from the viewpoint of prospects for the ratification of the Kyoto protocol inside the state '' .

