Moreover , Krzysztof Janik has presented a plan of action to tighten our eastern borders .

`` They 're looking to be disciplined , '' says one , so that any aggressive guard behavior will make it look as if they 're being brutalized by the American military in front of international witnesses .

The total volume of foreign trade in services in the first nine months of 2001 totalled $ 3,487.3 million and increased 1.8 % as against the first nine months of 2000 , with exports amounting to $ 2,604.8 million -LRB- an increase of 0.6 % -RRB- and imports amounting to $ 882.5 million -LRB- an increase of 5.5 % -RRB- .

Join us for the `` Sale of the Century '' at JCC Auction ' 99 , on Saturday , November 13 , 1999 .

While we wait , we journalists have to stand in the hot sun most of the day .
	we-2	wait-3	-nsubj	we-2 	wait-3 
Potato yield was 16 quintals lower than last year , that of vegetables , higher by 10 quintals .

registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common .

We can only tackle climate change effectively through a multi-lateral process .

We are so grateful for your generous contribution to last year 's auction .
	We-1	grateful-4	-nsubj	We-1 	are-2 so-3 grateful-4 for-5 
The company estimates the offering price at between $ 14 and $ 16 a share .

The financial impact of operations in Afghanistan , which are expected to mobilize some 5,000 men , will not take effect until 2002 .

By contrast , for breakfast and lunch alone , the prisoners are served oatmeal , an orange , peanut butter , margarine , a `` culturally appropriate '' halal meal , and a giant snack pack containing Froot Loops , raisins , a Nature Valley granola bar , baked garlic bagel chips , and Bullseye barbecue-seasoned sunflower kernels .

-LRB- Quick studies , the al Qaedans did n't need arrows painted on their cell floors .

I am very pleased that the Council has now approved the Kyoto Protocol thus enabling the EU to proceed with its ratification .
	I-1	pleased-4	-nsubj	I-1 	am-2 very-3 pleased-4 
BETHANY - The number of illegal immigrants in Swaziland seems to be increasing .

A source at the Malaysian embassy in Manila said the Royal Malaysian Police intercepted Misuari 's speedboat and arrested all its occupants .
	source-2	said-9	-nsubj	A-1 source-2 at-3 the-4 Malaysian-5 embassy-6 in-7 Manila-8 	said-9 
but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .

The international community received a lot of negative points for the Middle East .

The EU continues to call for the United States to participate in the global framework for addressing climate change .
	EU-2	continues-3	-nsubj	The-1 EU-2 	continues-3 to-4 call-5 for-6 
Gitmo has actually been the site of a lot of heartbreak over the years .

That accord also called for Hewlett-Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months .

The EU 's efforts and US President Bush 's peace initiative through Secretary of State Powell seem like a late resolution , considering that approximately one month ago the Arab countries participating in the summit in Beirut held out an olive branch to Israel through the plan of Saudi Arabia 's heir to the throne , Prince Abdullah , which contained two points : recognition of a Palestinian state -LRB- as published -RRB- in an Arab neighborhood , in return for recognition of the Palestinians ' right to their own country .

In January-September of last year , barter and cash payments accounted for 18.3 % and 66.4 % , respectively .

Freight turnover increased 0.8 % and amounted to 325.7 billion ton-kilometers .

The European Commission strongly welcomes this decision .
	Commission-3	welcomes-5	-nsubj	The-1 European-2 Commission-3 	strongly-4 welcomes-5 
`` I 'm not sure , '' he says , puzzled .
	he-8	says-9	-nsubj	he-8 	says-9 	I-2	sure-5	-nsubj	I-2 'm-3 	not-4 sure-5 
Export volumes of goods and services increased 11.8 % and import volumes rose 12.6 % , totalling $ 14.6 billion and $ 12.2 billion , respectively .

Beijing , March 31 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan Sunday urged immediate withdrawal of Israeli troops from Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's residence and called for Arafat 's personal safety to be ensured .

Chang 's remark came in response to a foreign wire report that mainland China and the Vatican are preparing to bridge their differences and may even pave the way for full diplomatic relations .
	China-14	preparing-19	-nsubj	mainland-13 China-14 and-15 the-16 Vatican-17 	are-18 preparing-19 	Chang-1	remark-3	-poss	Chang-1 	remark-3 
The scientific evidence on climate change is stronger than ever .

We see them offering them cookies , hugging them like they 're best buddies .
	We-1	see-2	-nsubj	We-1 	see-2 
The restaurant operator cited transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a result of a $ 160 million restructuring of its bank debt .

And unlike say , Afghan prisons , where starving detainees are reportedly begging to be sent to Gitmo , there 's plenty of food to play with .

Beijing , April 9 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- The Taiwan issue is purely China 's internal affair and no other country in the world should interfere , Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said in response to claims from a high-ranking US military official that the US would do everything needed to protect Taiwan .

About the only foreign leader who has supported the American detainee camp , ironically , is Fidel Castro , who is either angling to end the embargo or inching ever closer to dementia .

The spokeswoman urged the US to strictly abide by the serious commitments that it had made to the Chinese government and Chinese people and stop the wrong actions so as to avoid further damage to Sino-US relations .
	spokeswoman-2	urged-3	-nsubj	The-1 spokeswoman-2 	urged-3 
As we sit watching CNN , an unfounded rumor gains currency .

Freight turnover on motor transport increased 12.1 % and reached 6.8 billion ton-kilometers .

Output volumes at metallurgical and metal-processing enterprises increased 8.3 % since the beginning of the current year .

The test , which was carried out in conformity with the rules for such cases , raised suspicions of BSE , which were later confirmed .

This amount is lower by a factor of 4.5 than the amount owed at the beginning of 2001 and lower by a factor of 5.8 than the amount owed during the corresponding period last year .

In the Harare townships where people stood in line for two days to vote in the belief that they were consigning Mugabe to history , angry residents looked to Tsvangirai to confront the government .
	people-6	stood-7	-nsubj	people-6 	stood-7 in-8 line-9 	people-6	vote-14	-nsubj	people-6 	vote-14 in-15 the-16 belief-17 	residents-27	looked-28	-nsubj	residents-27 	looked-28 
Sillier still were protestations from such humanitarians as Saddam Hussein and the government of Malaysia -LRB- Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has made some of the loudest noise , though Amnesty International dings him for arresting the speechwriter of a political rival , who was then blindfolded , stripped naked , punched , verbally abused , and forced to simulate homosexual acts -- none of which is alleged at Camp X-Ray -RRB- .

I urge our partners both in the developed and in the developing countries to also ratify the Kyoto Protocol soon .
	I-1	urge-2	-nsubj	I-1 	urge-2 
From the beginning of the year , the consumer price index -LRB- inflation index -RRB- measured 103.9 % -LRB- 123.3 % during the corresponding period last year -RRB- .

In the manufacturing industry , which accounts for nearly three-quarters of all industrial production , output volumes increased 19.6 % over the course of the first ten months of 2001 as against the corresponding period last year .

The real gross domestic product in January-October measured 109.1 % as compared with the corresponding period last year , in October -- 108 % .

An increase in the number of available jobs -LRB- vacancies -RRB- , accompanied by a drop in the number of unemployed citizens during the past 12 months , has reduced the strain in the labor market .

In relation to the first ambiguity , Powell 's words definitely can not be taken seriously , considering that precisely Washington is the one that has been practicing a one-sided approach to the events in the Middle East for 18 months now and it was the chief opponent of the positioning of peace troops between the two warring sides .

To help them establish themselves in the community , the Pleasant Run Emancipation fund was begun in 1993 by private donors who wanted to provide a measure of financial support for those leaving our programs .
	donors-21	wanted-23	-rcmod	private-20 donors-21 	wanted-23 
It 's hard to imagine anyone who has actually read the Geneva Convention wanting to confer POW status on alleged al Qaeda members .

Coastwatch Australia has maintained surveillance flights in the area for the past two days and will continue flights tomorrow .

In April , the UN Sanctions Committee will probably lift restrictions from Russia-Iraq contracts in different spheres valued at about $ 900 million .

The first BSE case -LRB- in Meurthe-et-Moselle -RRB- was discovered on 17 July in a Charolais bull , in the south of the department .

No matter how cynical this may appear , the US administration is mainly concerned with getting out of the recession and with relaunching the economy , rather than with the greenhouse effect .
	administration-11	concerned-14	-nsubjpass	the-9 US-10 administration-11 	is-12 mainly-13 concerned-14 
On Tuesday -LRB- 11 December -RRB- Prime Minister Leszek Miller will establish a crisis management staff that is to coordinate the operations of all institutions responsible for state security .

Many need furniture , linens and other basic necessities to begin lives on their own .

to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding .

Export volumes increased by 14.6 % and those of imports , by 13.1 % , amounting to $ 12 billion and $ 11.4 billion , respectively .

Tang expressed his hope that Israel will implement Resolution 1402 of the United Nations Security Council unconditionally , withdraw its troops completely from Palestinian areas and solve the problems through peaceful means .
	Tang-1	expressed-2	-nsubj	Tang-1 	expressed-2 his-3 hope-4 
Still , the overseers of the prison are concerned that detainees are n't getting enough pita bread with their meals , and they 're planning to make the food spicier , just the way the prisoners like it back home .
	overseers-4	concerned-9	-nsubjpass	the-3 overseers-4 of-5 the-6 prison-7 	are-8 concerned-9 	overseers-4	planning-25	-nsubjpass-conj	the-3 overseers-4 of-5 the-6 prison-7 	planning-25 
Even if it is n't up to Rumsfeld , the argument seems rather academic .

Your continued participation is very important to the JCC , as we work to build partnerships between businesses and our not-for-profit agency .

Bernama quoted Malaysian police chief Norian Mai as saying police would try to hand Misuari and his men over to the Philippine government as soon as possible .

In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast .
	Telerate-7	criticized-9	-nsubj	Telerate-7 	has-8 criticized-9 	management-18	expects-19	-nsubj	Telerate-16 's-17 management-18 	expects-19 
Release by the courts 2 .

During January-September of the current year , the total number of inhabitants of Ukraine decreased by nearly 324,000 persons .

Now , Barker is stuck minding us as we light out for Guantanamo , the American naval station on the southeastern tip of Cuba .

`` We seek no confrontation with the state because that 's what they want .
	We-2	seek-3	-nsubj	We-2 	seek-3 	they-13	want-14	-nsubj	they-13 	want-14 
Successful completion of all life skills tests 3 .

`` We can not stand on the sidelines of this global tendency , '' the Kazakh president said .
	president-17	said-18	-nsubj	the-15 Kazakh-16 president-17 	said-18 
Talking to IRNA , Ivashev expressed regrets over the fact that the people in some parts of the world are indifferent toward the expansionist policies of the United States and do not proceed to condemn them .
	Ivashev-5	expressed-6	-nsubj	Ivashev-5 	expressed-6 regrets-7 
In addition to the aforementioned amenities , detainees also receive two towels , a Koran , a shortened toothbrush -LRB- still long enough to file into a shiv -RRB- , a canteen , a bucket of water , fluoride toothpaste , and shampoo .

Together with the Member States , the European Community 's instrument of ratification will now be deposited with the United Nations by 1st June , so as to enable the entry into force of the Protocol by the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg this September .

Malaysia 's official Bernama news agency said that Misuari and six of his men were arrested on an island off the Malaysian state of Sabah , which is on Borneo island , while trying to enter the country illegally .
	agency-6	said-7	-nsubj	Malaysia-1 's-2 official-3 Bernama-4 news-5 agency-6 	said-7 
According to the minister of internal affairs and administration , the prime minister will personally head the staff .

Costello says their eight-by-eight cells contain about twice as much space as soldiers have in their crowded , unventilated tents a few hundred yards away .
	Costello-1	says-2	-nsubj	Costello-1 	says-2 
Barter deals accounted for 0.4 % of the total volume of exports and 0.3 % of total import volumes -LRB- in January-September 2000 -- 1.7 % and 1.8 % , respectively -RRB- .

Ukraine 's foreign trade turnover of goods and services during January-September 2001 totalled $ 26.8 billion and had increased 12.2 % as compared with January-September 2000 .

It also rankles Castro , who has wanted to throw us off the island for four decades , but ca n't because of a pre-Revolution lease agreement .
	Castro-4	wanted-8	-rcmod	Castro-4 	has-7 wanted-8 
I 'm not getting 2,600 calories a day .

Please take a few minutes to send a donation to help one or more of our children successfully cross that threshold into the future .

All countries have to act , but the industrialised countries have to take the lead .
	countries-2	have-3	-nsubj	All-1 countries-2 	have-3 to-4 act-5 
Consider sponsoring 1 , 2 , or 3 children .

Bush rejected the Kyoto pact last March , saying that it would hurt U.S. economic growth .
	Bush-1	rejected-2	-nsubj	Bush-1 	rejected-2 	Bush-1	saying-9	-nsubj-vmod	Bush-1 	saying-9 
Zhang stressed that history had repeatedly proved that US arms sales to Taiwan and its elevation US-Taiwan relations would only incite the separatists in their attempts to split Taiwan from mainland and would lead to the deterioration of Taiwan Straits situation and boiled down to the jeopardy of the interests of the US itself .
	Zhang-1	stressed-2	-nsubj	Zhang-1 	stressed-2 
Tang said that the abrupt escalation of the conflict between Israel and Palestine has caused huge casualties and property losses , and Arafat 's personal safety was severely endangered .
	Tang-1	said-2	-nsubj	Tang-1 	said-2 
The prisoners , by contrast , get to read their Korans , while novels and more `` religious books '' are on the way .

During the reporting period , 138 billion kWh of electric power were produced , which was one billion kWh -LRB- 0.7 % -RRB- more power than during January-October 2000 , despite a 3.7-percent reduction of output of electric power by nuclear power station .

The write-off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results .

Of this , Russia 's Zarubezhneft foreign trade organization secured 45 contracts valued at about $ 140 million .

The Commonwealth trio to decide on action next week is made up of Australia , which will back suspension , the South African leader , Thabo Mbeki , and the Nigerian president , Olusegun Obasanjo .
	trio-3	decide-5	-vmod	The-1 Commonwealth-2 trio-3 	to-4 decide-5 
At that time , a guard shackles them and takes them to the port-o-loo .

Compared with the beginning of the year , debt obligations increased 17.1 % , and credit obligations 8.1 % .

After getting sniffed by a German shepherd who 's more interested in bombs than my colleague 's Percocet , we 're escorted to the media center , an ugly wood-paneled affair that sits next to a pink hangar .
	shepherd-7	interested-11	-rcmod	a-5 German-6 shepherd-7 	interested-11 
The Taiwan issue was at the core of Sino-US relations , reiterated Zhang , emphasizing that any measures or remarks that ran against the three Sino-US Joint Communiques would undermine Sino-US relations .

`` Oh God no , '' he says .

Fearing an abbreviated schedule , I commence valuable newsgathering .

Another officer relays something we 'll hear repeated often : that because of international political pressure , the prisoners are getting coddled .

He congratulated Chen on the ruling Democratic Progressive Party becoming the biggest political party in the Legislative Yuan with last December 's legislative election .
	He-1	congratulated-2	-nsubj	He-1 	congratulated-2 
At the present time , units of the Russian Space Forces at Baykonur have begun preparations for the sixth launch of a Proton-K booster this year .

After Rumsfeld tours Camp X-Ray with four senators and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Richard Myers -LRB- who is so overshadowed by the secretary 's rock star aura that one reporter has to ask who he is -RRB- , Rumsfeld meets the press on Heartbreak Ridge .
	reporter-35	has-36	-nsubj	one-34 reporter-35 	has-36 to-37 ask-38 
Another round of talks will be held today between Powell and the chief players in the Middle East .

The weirdness does n't end there .

He has replaced Ahmad Shah Masud , who fell victim to an assassination attempt on Sunday .

Very few have family support to get them started .

Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a-share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders .
	it-5	believes-6	-nsubj	it-5 	believes-6 
The MDC 's lawyers are also studying the possibility of legal action .

Minister Janik has also announced the establishment of a special police task force which is to be a counterpart of the Polish Operation and Maneuver Reaction Group -LRB- GROM -RRB- .

Compared with the corresponding period last year , output volumes grew 16.1 % .

In response , Chang said the Beijing leadership will have chances to boost exchanges with Holy See officials in the next few weeks , including in the religious meeting to be held Oct. 14-18 in Beijing and another one scheduled for Oct. 24-25 in Rome .
	Chang-4	said-5	-nsubj	Chang-4 	said-5 
At least 507 illegal Mozambicans have been found , as well as eight South Africans , two Tanzanians , and one Burundian .

`` What 's the purpose ? '' I ask .
	I-8	ask-9	-nsubj	I-8 	ask-9 
He said Mugabe had won 1,685,212 votes against 1,258,401 for challenger Morgan Tsvangirai , leader of the Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
Beijing , which regards the island as a wayward province to be reunited with the mainland by force if necessary , asked for an explanation on Saturday of why Bush had referred to Taiwan as a country .

ON SUNDAY , Rumsfeld visits , and we hope for illumination .
	we-8	hope-9	-nsubj	we-8 	hope-9 
The remarks seriously violated the commitments made by the US government in the three Sino-US Joint Communiques , said Zhang , adding that those remarks , out of ulterior motives , interfered in China 's internal affairs .

With an average $ 3 billion military aid for Israel and a strong Jewish lobby at home , the Untied States can not play any other role in the Middle East conflict but protector of the Israeli state .

`` They 're getting 2,600 calories a day .

Moscow , 29 November : Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev , who has arrived in Moscow to attend the 10th anniversary summit of the Commonwealth of Independent States , said upon his arrival on Thursday -LRB- 29 November -RRB- that `` certain apathy '' to the commonwealth has developed in the CIS member countries .

During October 2001 , Hr48 .9 million were spent from the universally compulsory State Social Unemployment Insurance Fund to provide assistance to the unemployed .

I am convinced that improving the environment through technological progress can actually enhance our competitiveness and economic growth .
	I-1	convinced-3	-nsubjpass	I-1 	am-2 convinced-3 
computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products .

While he remains as firm as ever that the detainees are `` illegal combatants , '' not `` prisoners of war , '' which would afford them more rights under the Geneva Convention , he nicely avoids plucking the only hair worth splitting -- whether the captives ' status is his call .
	he-2	remains-3	-nsubj	he-2 	remains-3 as-4 firm-5 as-6 ever-7 
In the pulp and paper industry , production volumes rose 20.5 % as compared with the corresponding period last year .

His task was to create `` a peaceful environment '' in the region currently affected by an unrecognized and undeclared war between Israel and Palestine .

Zarubezhneft has shipped $ 45 million worth of equipment and materials in keeping with 33 contracts .

Without private donor support , this Fund does n't exist .

The estimated nominal gross domestic product in January-October 2001 totalled Hr170 ,427 million , in October -- Hr18 ,421 million .

While there was evidence of vote tampering in some areas , most of the ballots dropped into the box with a cross by Mugabe 's name were not fraudulent .

The total amount disbursed in subsidies in January-September 2001 was Hr122 .3 million .

With all the global bellyaching about the detainees ' right to humane treatment , it 's hard to imagine them getting better treatment than they 're already receiving .

Lash arrived in Taipei Tuesday for a four-day visit .

Just get a Gitmo press pass .

The truck maker said the significant drop in net income will result in lower earnings for the fiscal year .

At enterprises producing nonmetal mineral products , output volumes in January-October of the current year increased 15 % as against last year .

On 26 November , a Progress M1-7 transport spaceship should be launched from Baykonur to the International Space Station .

Today the Council of EU environment ministers adopted the Commission 's proposal for a decision to ratify the Kyoto Protocol .

In January-September 2001 , subsidies were disbursed to 2,730,800 families to compensate them for the costs of housing and municipal services and the cost of electric power .

The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis , a United Way agency .

The country took the news of Mugabe 's victory with no great celebrations or protests .
	country-2	took-3	-nsubj	The-1 country-2 	took-3 the-4 news-5 of-6 
Possession of a high school diploma or GED Proof of meeting these , two staff reference letters and an essay stating why they should receive a grant and how it will be used are all reviewed by a Pleasant Run panel , which determines if the applicant merits the funds .

However , compared with the same period last year , the volume of natural decrease of population fell 7.2 % .

`` We foresaw electoral fraud but not daylight robbery , '' Tsvangirai said .
	We-2	foresaw-3	-nsubj	We-2 	foresaw-3 	Tsvangirai-12	said-13	-nsubj	Tsvangirai-12 	said-13 
The company said it is in the process of phasing out John Deere , its current source of production for midsized motor home chassis .
	company-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 company-2 	said-3 
Output volumes in machinebuilding enterprises increased 21.7 % during the first ten months of 2001 as against the corresponding period last year .

He gives the sort of hooah performance that has endeared him to both the troops and the press .
	He-1	gives-2	-nsubj	He-1 	gives-2 
As reported , CNW agreed to be acquired by a group of investors led by Blackstone Capital Partners Limited Partnership for $ 50 a share , or about $ 950 million .
	CNW-4	agreed-5	-nsubj	CNW-4 	agreed-5 
Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday .

Consolidated Budget expenditures totalled Hr37 .8 billion -LRB- 24.9 % of GDP -RRB- , which amounts to 71.4 % of the approved sum for the year .

As a sponsor , you and your guests will have a special evening , knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool , childcare , senior and resettlement services , as well as quality cultural events in our community .

`` The United States is an important party to the convention .

The positive balance of foreign trade in goods amounted to $ 632.5 million as against $ 421.8 million in January-September 2000 .

He said this tendency reflects the economic and cultural traditions of the CIS countries which were formerly part of the Soviet Union .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
Maybe Joschka Fischer 's plan for suspending Germany 's military aid for Israel , that is , possible EU economic sanctions against Tel Aviv is honorable , but it is a late and disturbingly long-term plan .

I know you 're committed to ensuring today 's children have safe , healthy , and positive summer experiences .
	I-1	know-2	-nsubj	I-1 	know-2 
Doing so would not only make the terrorists eligible for repatriation to their home countries , but also would forbid their being punished for trying to escape , allow them to receive `` scientific equipment '' from home , and even confer upon them the right to dentures -- in case they lost their teeth while , say , biting a guard .

Oshkosh Truck attributed the downturn in its earnings to higher start-up costs of its new chassis division , a softer motor-home market and higher administrative costs of compliance with government contractor regulations .

Real wages in January-September of this year increased 18.4 % as compared with the corresponding period of last year .

Please make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children and send in a tax deductible contribution today in the enclosed envelope .

The hospitality ends there .

`` They 're actually going to paint arrows on the floors of the cells so they 'll know to face north , '' he says .
	he-24	says-25	-nsubj	he-24 	says-25 
We are certainly interrogating the prisoners , though base sources wo n't divulge any information that 's been gleaned .

The pressing matter of the moment is that Israel and Palestine should both exercise maximum restraint and adopt concrete measures to stop the conflict immediately and create conditions for resumption of the peace talks , Tang said .
	Tang-36	said-37	-nsubj	Tang-36 	said-37 
These include a Nissan Skyline in Mafutseni , a Mercedes Benz , A Toyota and an Isuzu 2.5 diesel at Nkalashane .

Much has been made over their being kept in outdoor cells , invariably called `` cages , '' which are topped with corrugated tin-covered wooden roofs that keep what little rain Gitmo gets -LRB- six inches a year -RRB- off the prisoners .

Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network .

Their restroom arrangements are pretty spartan .

The average monthly nominal wage of a staff employee in January-September 2001 amounted to Hr299 , which was 37.2 % more than during the corresponding period of 2000 .

The cost of servicing the state debt amounted to Hr3 billion -LRB- 2 % of GDP -RRB- , or 7.9 % of total expenditures .

After leaving the snipers , I collar other grunts who say they believe the prisoners are more apt to act out whenever they see one of the regular visitors from the International Committee of the Red Cross enter the camp .
	they-12	believe-13	-nsubj	they-12 	believe-13 
Meanwhile , China opposes and condemns the recent violent activities in Israeli territory , and China expresses condolence , sympathy and solicitude to the family members of the victims , said Tang .
	China-3	opposes-4	-nsubj	China-3 	opposes-4 and-5 condemns-6 	China-3	expresses-17	-nsubj-conj	China-3 	expresses-17 condolence-18 ,-19 sympathy-20 and-21 solicitude-22 	China-16	expresses-17	-nsubj	China-16 	expresses-17 condolence-18 ,-19 sympathy-20 and-21 solicitude-22 	Tang-32	said-31	-nsubj	Tang-32 	said-31 
Imports of finished goods manufactured from Ukrainian customer-supplied raw materials were valued at $ 741.8 million .

Ivashev further said the United States is after gaining superiority over Russia 's nuclear capabilities and initiating an anti-missile defense system by the United States shows that country 's intentions .

The price index of industrial goods amounted to 100.7 % in January-October 2001 -LRB- 117.1 % during the corresponding period last year -RRB- .

He strongly criticized the US war-mongering actions and tactics and said the US war-mongering has posed serious threats to the world .
	He-1	criticized-3	-nsubj	He-1 	strongly-2 criticized-3 
Investments came in from 112 countries .

With the assistance of a Muslim Navy chaplain , they pray five times daily .
	they-10	pray-11	-nsubj	they-10 	pray-11 
If you have any questions , please feel free to call Myrna Weinberger at 251-9467 , ext. .

At Super Summer Safari Camp , there are daily sports , nature , and arts activities .

We are n't even allowed to go the beach , a few hundred yards away from our building -LRB- though , emboldened by the rum we imported from Puerto Rico , a colleague and I make a mad dash under a guard searchlight for the bathwater Caribbean anyway -RRB- .

On 1 October of this year , debt and credit obligations of all economic entities -LRB- with the exception of small enterprises and budget-financed institutions -RRB- amounted to Hr217 billion and Hr279 .3 billion , respectively .

The drop in the absolute number of unemployed led to a reduction in the registered unemployment rate from 4.2 % on 1 November of last year to 3.5 % of the able-bodied population of working age on the same date of the current year .

They laze away in the shade of their cells .
	They-1	laze-2	-nsubj	They-1 	laze-2 away-3 
The hero of the Gulf War , Colin Powell , did not exactly cover himself in glory in his diplomatic mission to the Middle East as the US president 's envoy .

`` It is our considered view that the election was free and fair and reflects the wishes of the people of Zimbabwe , '' Namibia 's observer team said in a statement , adding that the poll was `` watertight , without room for rigging '' .
	team-28	said-29	-nsubj	Namibia-25 's-26 observer-27 team-28 	said-29 in-30 a-31 statement-32 
GUANTANAMO BAY , CUBA -- It 's 5 A.M. at the Roosevelt Roads Naval station in Puerto Rico , and 20 journalists straggle to the gate in sleep-deprived silence to catch a plane to Guantanamo Bay .

During the 10th phase , lasting between June and November 2001 , Russian companies sold 115.3 million barrels .

Many organizations who have n't been to Gitmo , like Human Rights Watch , have been extremely critical of the prisoners ' treatment , while the ICRC has aired no complaints .
	ICRC-27	aired-29	-nsubj	the-26 ICRC-27 	has-28 aired-29 no-30 complaints-31 
In terms of revenues , the State Budget was executed in the amount of Hr28 .3 billion -LRB- 67.3 % of the approved sum for the year -RRB- , or 18.6 % of GDP -LRB- this percentage takes into account relations with local budgets -RRB- , with taxes accounting for 57.4 % of all revenues .

Brasilia , 13 -LRB- Agencia Brasil - ABr -RRB- - Today president Fernando Henrique Cardoso declared that the US decision to adopt measures to control greenhouse gases is positive , even though there was a formal decision not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol .

The latest round of violence was initiated on the day in September 2000 when Ariel Sharon took it upon himself to provoke his Muslim neighbors by visiting an Islamic religious building .
	Sharon-16	took-17	-nsubj	Ariel-15 Sharon-16 	took-17 it-18 upon-19 himself-20 
China is very concerned about this matter , and the Chinese Embassy in Argentina has asked the Argentine government to ensure the life and property safety of the overseas Chinese and Argentine citizens with Chinese origin , Zhang said .
	China-1	concerned-4	-nsubjpass	China-1 	is-2 very-3 concerned-4 	China-1	asked-16	-nsubjpass-conj	China-1 	asked-16 	Zhang-38	said-39	-nsubj	Zhang-38 	said-39 
In its warnings and appeals for peace , the United States openly `` takes a side '' in this conflict , labeling the other side terrorists , similar to those who carried out the attacks on the Twin Towers in New York .

It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total .

Following the complete liquidation of arrears in the payment of pensions and financial assistance by the institutions of the Ministry of Finance and the Pension Fund of Ukraine during September 2000 , no arrears accumulated in subsequent periods .

I hope the measures adopted domestically will have the same effect as adhering to the Kyoto Protocol , '' said Cardoso .
	I-1	hope-2	-nsubj	I-1 	hope-2 
Last month an editorial in the official \*\*\* China Daily \*\*\* newspaper said Beijing felt `` betrayed '' after a U.S. decision to allow Taiwanese Defense Minister Tang Yiau-Ming into the United States for talks with Defense officials and warned of a setback in Sino-U.S. ties .
	Beijing-14	felt-15	-nsubj	Beijing-14 	felt-15 ``-16 betrayed-17 	U.S.-21	decision-22	-nn	U.S.-21 	decision-22 	editorial-4	said-13	-nsubj	an-3 editorial-4 in-5 the-6 official-7 \*\*\*-8 China-9 Daily-10 \*\*\*-11 newspaper-12 	said-13 
It 's the detainees ' cultural preference not to use any .

Perhaps the international community is right .

Russian companies will have sold around 1 billion barrels of Iraqi crude for approximately $ 15 billion during all 11 phases stipulated in the 1996 Iraq-UN memorandum .

The US President preferred a more realistic attitude , because it is hard to believe that it will be possible to fully eliminate pollutant gas emissions in one decade .
	President-3	preferred-4	-nsubj	The-1 US-2 President-3 	preferred-4 
Octel said the purchase was expected .
	Octel-1	said-2	-nsubj	Octel-1 	said-2 
In January-September 2001 , Ukrainian industrial enterprises shipped products -LRB- rendered services -RRB- valued at Hr112 .9 billion , of which sum barter deals accounted for Hr9 .1 billion -LRB- 8.1 % -RRB- and monetary payments made up Hr87 .7 billion -LRB- 77.7 % -RRB- .

The South African team described the election as `` legitimate '' while the Nigerian observers said they had seen nothing that threatened the integrity of the poll .
	team-4	described-5	-nsubj	The-1 South-2 African-3 team-4 	described-5 	they-17	seen-19	-nsubj	they-17 	had-18 seen-19 
The Chinese government is deeply concerned about the sudden deterioration in the Middle East situation , Tang said .
	government-3	concerned-6	-nsubjpass	The-1 Chinese-2 government-3 	is-4 deeply-5 concerned-6 	Tang-17	said-18	-nsubj	Tang-17 	said-18 
By taking this decision , the EU has reaffirmed its commitment to pursuing multilateral solutions to issues of global concern .
	EU-7	reaffirmed-9	-nsubj	the-6 EU-7 	has-8 reaffirmed-9 	its-10	commitment-11	-poss	its-10 	commitment-11 
Paris -- The French Armed Forces ' operations abroad in 2001 will have entailed an overspend of 3.290 billion Francs -LRB- Fr -RRB- .

In the richest irony of the war on terrorism , the Department of Defense , which normally goes out of its way not to make news , caused an international outcry by releasing still shots of detainees being brought to Camp X-Ray .
	international-30	outcry-31	-amod	international-30 	outcry-31 
Washington told China the U.S. government has not changed its Taiwan policy and said it would not refer to Taiwan in that way again , Xinhua quoted a foreign ministry spokeswoman as saying .
	Washington-1	told-2	-nsubj	Washington-1 	told-2 
Taiwan 's WTO access has given Taiwan a window to the world , a window to the century and a window of opportunity , he went on , adding that it will allow Taiwan to upgrade its competitiveness and help U.S.-Taiwan trade relations .

The growth of real GDP by 9.1 % as compared with the relevant period last year was due to an increase in gross value added in the leading forms of economic activity .

Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and visiting U.S. President George W. Bush differed over the Kyoto Protocol and how to prevent global warming but agreed to cooperate on that issue .

In addition , early retirement was granted to 2,700 persons .

This placement rate exceeded the volume of job placements during the corresponding month in 2000 by one-third -LRB- 32.5 % -RRB- and by 9 % the rate in September of the current year .

In the extractive industry production volumes increased 4.1 % since the beginning of the year as compared with the same period last year .

It is to ultimately employ 350 officers prepared to take part in international missions .

During January-October of the current year , 2.7 billion passengers were conveyed by all forms of transport , and the volume of work with passengers totalled 72.1 billion passenger-kilometers , which was 3 % and 3.3 % more , respectively , than in January-October 2000 .

Coastwatch Australia says the boat is 75 nautical miles from Christmas Island -LRB- Australian territory in the Indian Ocean -RRB- , but is still in Indonesian waters .
	Australia-2	says-3	-nsubj	Coastwatch-1 Australia-2 	says-3 
`` They get fed better than us , sir , '' says Lampert .
	Lampert-13	says-12	-nsubj	Lampert-13 	says-12 
Arroyo was `` very satisfied that the Malaysian government has been efficient enough to arrest him , '' her spokesman Rigoberto Tiglao told DZBB radio here .

At enterprises that process wood and manufacture wood products , output volumes increased 25.9 % during the first ten months of the current year as compared with the same period last year .

Compared with January-October of last year , output volumes at enterprises that generate and distribute electric power grew by 2.4 % .

`` It is for the U.S. to decide whether to take part in the protocol or not , but I hope we will continue with our efforts so we can move in the same direction , '' said Koizumi , who supports theKyoto Protocol .
	I-20	hope-21	-nsubj	I-20 	hope-21 
`` We hope US behaves as it says , strictly abide by the three Sino-US Communiques and stop using the Taiwan issue to interfere in China 's internal affairs , '' Zhang said .
	We-2	hope-3	-nsubj	We-2 	hope-3 	Zhang-32	said-33	-nsubj	Zhang-32 	said-33 
But the current development of events , that is , the standstill situation , makes it clear that US foreign policy has been put to a very serious test in which the United States needs to discipline its decades-long ally , Israel , and not ruin its relations with the Arabs .

The man who defeated Iraq in 1991 in only six weeks issued a message , saying that the most he hoped for was something less than a mutual cease-fire agreement .
	he-20	hoped-21	-nsubj	he-20 	hoped-21 
`` They 're getting warm showers , clean laundry , hot chow , '' Costello says of the prisoners .
	Costello-15	says-16	-nsubj	Costello-15 	says-16 
Zhang made the remarks at a regular press conference when asked to comment on the current situation in Argentina .

`` Definitely , '' he said .
	he-5	said-6	-nsubj	he-5 	said-6 
The Taiwan issue has often caused rough patches in bilateral ties and U.S. arms sales to Taiwan have angered Beijing .

The prisoners -LRB- who represent about 25 different nationalities but mostly are Saudis -RRB- can also freely chat with each other about God knows what : prison uprisings , the demise of Talk magazine , trades of Froot Loops for garlic bagel chips .

The herd is made up of 220 cattle which will have to be slaughtered , according to the rules .

One of Rumsfeld 's security agents mounts our bus , telling us the ground rules : no photos on the tarmac , no fighting , no hitting Rumsfeld in the head with a boom mike .

The U.S. president announced an alternative proposal last week , calling for voluntary limits on greenhouse gas emissions by companies in accordance with economic growth instead of mandatory reduction targets presented in the Kyoto pact .

Arrears in the payment of social assistance , provided for by the Law of Ukraine On State Assistance to Families with Children , increased during October of the current year by 46.6 % or by Hr4 .4 million , and on 1 November 2001 totalled Hr13 .8 million .

The expenditure has not increased much from 2000 , since during that year it totalled Fr3 .255 billion .

Bush was referring to the entry late last year and this year of China and Taiwan , respectively , into the World Trade Organization , reports said .

At the end of their day , they get a good night 's sleep in a single cell .

Russian First Deputy Fuel and Energy Minister Ivan Matlashov made this announcement during a bilateral roundtable discussion coinciding with the 30th anniversary of the USSR-Iraq Friendship and Cooperation Treaty .

The Commissioner finally welcomed indications by Japan , New Zealand and Norway that they are preparing for ratification , and strongly called on others , notably Russia , to do the same .

The volume of freight processed at commercial and fishing ports and at industrial docks -LRB- sea and river -RRB- totalled 87.1 million metric tons , constituting an increase of 6.2 % .

US and Philippine officials say the group has links with Saudi militant Osama bin Laden , blamed for the September 11 attacks on the United States that killed about 4,000 people .
	officials-4	say-5	-nsubj	US-1 and-2 Philippine-3 officials-4 	say-5 
`` I am pleased to learn of the re-election of President Robert Mugabe as president of Zimbabwe , '' Mwanawasa said in a statement .
	I-2	pleased-4	-nsubj	I-2 	am-3 pleased-4 	Mwanawasa-20	said-21	-nsubj	Mwanawasa-20 	said-21 in-22 a-23 statement-24 
Russian companies will have exported 118.6 million barrels of oil from Iraq during the six-month phase ending on May 29 , Matlashov said .
	Matlashov-22	said-23	-nsubj	Matlashov-22 	said-23 
Thank you in advance for your consideration .

They 've also eaten their toiletries and urinated on equipment .

Indonesian authorities have been alerted to the presence of another boat believed to be carrying illegal immigrants bound for Australia .

Making his point clear , he said that the former Soviet republics `` have not completely fallen apart , but have not formed a sufficiently strong alliance on a new basis either '' .
	he-6	said-7	-nsubj	he-6 	said-7 
Israel did not even have the goodness to look at this plan , demonstrating arrogance toward everything Arab .

According to the army spokesman , Corporal Nhlanhla Dlamini , the key areas where most of the immigrants were found was Lomahasha , Mhlumeni and Sitsatsaweni .

Most ludicrous , they would be afforded `` advances of pay '' in an amount `` never ... inferior '' to that which we pay our own armed forces .

But the people themselves have to decide what action to take , '' he said .
	he-14	said-15	-nsubj	he-14 	said-15 	people-3	have-5	-nsubj	the-2 people-3 themselves-4 	have-5 to-6 decide-7 
Tiglao said he had been informed that Misuari was taken to the Sabah state capital of Kota Kinabalu .
	Tiglao-1	said-2	-nsubj	Tiglao-1 	said-2 
The young adults who leave Pleasant Run have those same feelings .

Nancy , 13 August -LRB- AFP -RRB- : The second ever case of Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy -LRB- BSE , mad cow disease -RRB- in Meurthe-et-Moselle -LRB- department in northeast France -RRB- was diagnosed on Monday -LRB- 13 August -RRB- , in Longuyon , in the north of the department , in a cow born in 1994 , the FDSEA -LRB- Departmental Federation of Farmers ' Trade Unions -RRB- announced in a statement .

The government has deployed thousands of troops to Jolo to deter attempts by Misuari followers to disrupt the balloting .

Lash also expressed gratitude to Chen for the assistance rendered by Taiwan to the United States in the wake of the Sept. .
	Lash-1	expressed-3	-nsubj	Lash-1 	expressed-3 gratitude-4 
Concerning the delimitation of the border between Kazakhstan and Russia , Nazarbayev said that this process is continuing without any disagreements and with mutual respect for each other 's interests , and that documents on the final delimitation are likely to be signed next year .
	Nazarbayev-12	said-13	-nsubj	Nazarbayev-12 	said-13 
Exports of Ukrainian customer-supplied raw materials totalled $ 137.5 million .

He said the United States has turned into an axis of evil itself and is ignoring even the resolutions issued by the United Nations .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 	States-5	turned-7	-nsubj	the-3 United-4 States-5 	has-6 turned-7 into-8 
In Zimbabwe the leadership of the congress of trade unions is considering calling a two-day general strike to test whether there would be popular support for a longer protest , and various civil rights groups are meeting today to discuss mass civil disobedience .

Increases in production were achieved in all regions of the country and in all the principal forms of industrial activity .

`` Not my problem , '' replies Costello .

Reports in Taiwanese newspapers on Friday said Bush called the island the `` Republic of Taiwan '' and a `` country '' in a speech to diplomats and business executives on Thursday .
	Bush-8	called-9	-nsubj	Bush-8 	called-9 
Though they 're really cleaning up the media center .

And we can go only where the officers take us .

The launch of a Zenit-2 booster produced by the Dnipropetrovsk Yuzhmash enterprise is preliminarily scheduled for 30 November .

Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited once again to be an integral part of this fabulous event as a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction ' 99 .

Average prices for farm products sold through all channels during the first ten months of 2001 grew by 8 % as compared with the same period in 2000 , including animal husbandry products -- by 42 % , while the prices of crops dropped by 7 % .

The amount of sunflower seeds threshed in all categories of farms was 2.4 million metric tons , which was one-third less than in 2000 , with average yield per hectare amounting to 10.1 quintals -LRB- 13 quintals last year -RRB- .

He expressed the government 's determination to put Misuari in jail .
	He-1	expressed-2	-nsubj	He-1 	expressed-2 	government-4	determination-6	-poss	the-3 government-4 	determination-6 
If we 're not happy , that goes double for our public affairs babysitters .
	we-2	happy-5	-nsubj	we-2 're-3 	not-4 happy-5 
There has been no criticism of the count .

Many of us had secretly harbored the fantasy that we could talk our overseers into letting us go right up to the prisoners ' cells , the terrorist equivalent of a field trip to the ASPCA .
	Many-1	harbored-6	-nsubj	Many-1 of-2 us-3 	had-4 secretly-5 harbored-6 the-7 fantasy-8 
ASEAN includes Brunei , Cambodia , Indonesia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam .

Krzysztof Janik , minister of internal affairs and administration , has announced the establishment of a special police task force .

In some circles , these concerns over an alleged new front are seen as an attempt to resolve the smaller Israel-Palestine problem with a bigger one .

He is the founder of the Moro National Liberation Front -LRB- MNLF -RRB- group and governor of the Muslim self-rule Autonomous Region for Muslim Mindanao -LRB- ARMM -RRB- .

This cost included the cost of servicing the foreign debt , which amounted to Hr1 .7 billion -LRB- 1.2 % of GDP -RRB- , or 4.6 % of total expenditures .

At some point , that might become necessary , they tell me , as plotting is obviously afoot .
	they-10	tell-11	-nsubj	they-10 	tell-11 
Last month , 53 cattle were also stolen around the country , of which 17 were spotted inside Mozambique driven by three men armed with rifles thought to be AK47s .

Europe does not have a united stance on the violence in Ramallah , Nablus , Bethlehem , and the Palestinian refugee camps , despite the clear situation that Israel is the only country in the world that secures its borders by occupying territories of another state .
	Europe-1	have-4	-nsubj	Europe-1 	does-2 not-3 have-4 a-5 united-6 stance-7 
Tony Blair pointed out that the three British al Qaeda members being held at Gitmo have had no complaints .
	Blair-2	pointed-3	-nsubj	Tony-1 Blair-2 	pointed-3 out-4 
`` The soldiers have guns so we can not fight him but we can make sure he can not rule us .

In Monday 's summit talks , Bush and Koizumi agreed to cooperate together with other countries , including developing nations , on the issue of global warming .
	Bush-7	agreed-10	-nsubj	Bush-7 and-8 Koizumi-9 	agreed-10 
But there were no illusions in Britain or elsewhere in Europe that the measures will have any real leverage in Harare .

Earlier Australia 's immigration minister , Philip Ruddock , said it was believed the boat was carrying 80 people .
	minister-5	said-10	-nsubj	Australia-2 's-3 immigration-4 minister-5 	said-10 
On the ferry crossing over to the windward side where the camp is located , I sit next to a now mellow Lt. Col. Costello , who has decided to patch things up with the reporter he snapped at , and who , after getting the sign-off from Southern Command , has cleared us to stay through Rumsfeld 's visit .

Output volumes in the food industry and in the processing of agricultural products rose 19.8 % as compared with January-October of last year .

The company has made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization .

In fiscal 1988 , the company earned $ 17.3 million , or $ 1.92 a share , on revenue of $ 352.9 million .

Sitting on a bus on the tarmac , waiting for the secretary to emerge from his plane , we pass the time as journalists do , discussing the AP-style spelling of `` bin Laden , '' speculating whether the prisoners will get an Internet cafe -LRB- one of them has asked for video games -RRB- , and making fun of the fresh-meat Pentagon press corps , who are overdressed in heavy wools instead of our much cooler island linens .

Tang made the remarks in a phone conversation with Israeli Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres .
	Tang-1	made-2	-nsubj	Tang-1 	made-2 
That 's why I want you to learn more about the Super Summer Safari Camp .
	I-4	want-5	-nsubj	I-4 	want-5 
The snipers , of course , are the camp 's deadliest sharpshooters , ropy young bucks -LRB- 21-23 years of age -RRB- who seem largely culled from the western or southern United States , where firearms are often regarded as extra appendages .

It 's understandable if public affairs types are a little testy .

They get a white bucket for emergency squirts , while they are instructed to hold two fingers up for the alternative .

In anticipation of the start-up of its new factory , the company said a larger-than-normal chassis supply has been built to carry it through the transition period .

As of 1 October 2001 , foreign investors had invested nearly $ 4.2 billion of direct investments in Ukrainian enteprises .

The treatment being meted out at Guantanamo is inhumane .

He said there are deep differences between Russia and the United Stats on a range of strategic , political and economic issues .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
Output volumes at enterprises that produce coke and the products of oil refining increased 57.1 % .

The MOFA spokeswoman affirmed that from the angle of Eastern and Western cultural exchanges , the sponsoring of similar conferences will be instrumental to mainland Chinese people 's better understanding of Catholicism and its contributions to Chinese society .
	spokeswoman-3	affirmed-4	-nsubj	The-1 MOFA-2 spokeswoman-3 	affirmed-4 
The boat was being checked for weapons , said the source , who would not be identified .
	source-11	said-9	-nsubj	the-10 source-11 	said-9 
Such fund are often used for college tuition , vocational training or a deposit on an apartment .

The Proton to be launched on 23 November will put a satellite into orbit for the Russian Defense Ministry 's needs .

But foreign ministry officials later confirmed both sides were moving ahead with plans for a scheduled visit by Chinese Vice-President Hu Jintao to the United States in late April .

Three of the 10 losing presidential candidates in Zambia 's December 27 vote have petitioned the Supreme Court to nullify the results , charging that Mwanawasa won the election by fraud .

The neighbors lack an extradition treaty .
	neighbors-2	lack-3	-nsubj	The-1 neighbors-2 	lack-3 
We 'd like to see further efforts on the part of the U.S. , '' the Japanese leader added .
	leader-18	added-19	-nsubj	the-16 Japanese-17 leader-18 	added-19 
`` We need Tsvangirai to tell Mugabe he can not steal this election , '' said Noel Gukuta , a youthful MDC voter .
	We-2	need-3	-nsubj	We-2 	need-3 	Gukuta-18	said-16	-nsubj	Noel-17 Gukuta-18 ,-19 a-20 youthful-21 MDC-22 voter-23 	said-16 
Chang also reaffirmed the solid and cordial diplomatic links between the Republic of China and the Vatican .
	Chang-1	cordial-7	-nsubj-dobj-amod-conj	Chang-1 	cordial-7 	Chang-1	reaffirmed-3	-nsubj	Chang-1 	reaffirmed-3 
In addition , 475,800 families -LRB- 94.4 % of the number that had applied -RRB- were granted subsidies to compensate them for the cost of purchasing condensed gas and solid fuel .

11 terrorist attacks on the United States and for its participation in the post-war reconstruction of Afghanistan .

The USDF also found four stolen cars in different places in the country .

Finally , Sgt. Josh Westbrook , who sports a forearm tattoo of flaming baby heads , steps up .

Japan and the U.S. can cooperate over the development of new technologies in the field and that such technologies will help notonly the environment but also economic development , they agreed .
	they-30	agreed-31	-nsubj	they-30 	agreed-31 
The bad news is that the unfounded rumor is founded -- the Pentagon press corps is coming with him , and we 'll be forced to leave a day early .

Private farms accounted for 98 % of the potato yield -LRB- 16.8 million metric tons -RRB- and 90 % of all vegetables -LRB- 4.9 million metric tons -RRB- .

`` The Philippine government has information that Mr. Misuari has of late developed some links with the Abu Sayyaf about whom more need not be said , '' he said .
	he-29	said-30	-nsubj	he-29 	said-30 
Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases .

Here , we are given our media `` indoctrination '' packages , never an encouraging word if you aspire to reportorial autonomy .
	you-18	aspire-19	-nsubj	you-18 	aspire-19 
Foreign department spokesman Victoriano Lecaros said the arrest should serve as `` a warning to terrorists that they will find themselves on inhospitable ground within ASEAN , '' referring to the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations .
	Lecaros-5	said-6	-nsubj	Foreign-1 department-2 spokesman-3 Victoriano-4 Lecaros-5 	said-6 
The Charolais breed cow , was part of the GAEC -LRB- Agricultural Cooperative Grouping -RRB- Bruyeres herd in Longuyon , showed signs of the illness and was slaughtered .

But we do n't have to take Costello 's word for it .
	we-2	have-5	-nsubj	we-2 	do-3 n't-4 have-5 to-6 take-7 Costello-8 's-9 word-10 for-11 
My public affairs keepers could n't care less .
	keepers-4	care-7	-nsubj	public-2 affairs-3 keepers-4 	could-5 n't-6 care-7 
`` Welcome to the Pearl of the Antilles , '' deadpans Lt. Commander Brendan McPherson , in a limp cruise-director chirp .

The load coefficient per job -LRB- vacancy -RRB- during the indicated period decreased from 15 to nine persons as of 1 November 2001 .

This number exceeded by 0.5 % the number of job placements .

The total amount paid out was Hr112 .7 million .

What is also realistic is the idea that it will be easier to persuade the main polluting agents to take measures by providing incentives to them , rather than by constraint .

Since the beginning of the current year , the amount of wage arrears decreased by Hr1 .6 billion , or by one-third .

Getting back to the problem of broadening all-round cooperation between the CIS countries , Nazarbayev said that a new factor - globalization - is accelerating this process .
	Nazarbayev-15	said-16	-nsubj	Nazarbayev-15 	said-16 
He said the US officials claim as for the countries described as `` parts of an axis of evil '' are `` unfounded '' and the US claims in this connection are `` sheer lies '' .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 	officials-5	claim-6	-nsubj	the-3 US-4 officials-5 	claim-6 	countries-10	described-11	-nsubj	countries-10 	described-11 
Since the beginning of the year , railroads transported 260.9 million metric tons of freight , which was 7.1 % more than in January-October 2000 .

Yes , it 's that time of the year -- the start of the Boys & Girls clubs of Indianapolis ' Camp .

The Mozambican soldiers have promised to act quickly .
	soldiers-3	promised-5	-nsubj	The-1 Mozambican-2 soldiers-3 	have-4 promised-5 
When I skirt away from my minders and visit the Marine snipers ' tent , I learn it went well beyond that .
	I-16	learn-17	-nsubj	I-16 	learn-17 
The group pledged to counter terrorism at a summit in Brunei this month as well as a summit with their main trading partners in Shanghai in October .
	group-2	pledged-3	-nsubj	The-1 group-2 	pledged-3 
`` We do n't shake their hands , '' says one camp guard .

Environment Commissioner Margot Wallstrom stated : `` This is indeed a good day for the climate and for sustainable development .
	Wallstrom-4	stated-5	-nsubj	Environment-1 Commissioner-2 Margot-3 Wallstrom-4 	stated-5 
The number of citizens with unemployed status decreased 14.4 % over the past 12 months , including by 1.4 % in the past month .

The MDC leader said the onus was on `` the people '' to lead the way , whether passively or not .
	leader-3	said-4	-nsubj	The-1 MDC-2 leader-3 	said-4 
The country 's positive foreign trade balance amounted to $ 2.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.2 billion in January-September 2000 -RRB- .

Many of us have n't been up this early in years .
	Many-1	been-6	-nsubj	Many-1 of-2 us-3 	have-4 n't-5 been-6 up-7 
Across from Sears is Camp X-Ray , a teeming hive of concertina wire , canvas tents , guard towers , and newly constructed plywood interrogation shacks with window-unit air conditioners .

LUSAKA -- Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa yesterday hailed the re-election of his Zimbabwean counterpart Robert Mugabe and called on defeated opponent Morgan Tsvangirai to accept the controversial result .
	Tsvangirai-23	accept-25	-pobj-prep-xcomp	Morgan-22 Tsvangirai-23 	to-24 accept-25 
All of this has made Camp X-Ray personnel a sensitive lot .

With its decision to ratify the protocol at EU level , the European Union stays true to its ambition to enable the Kyoto Protocol to come into force by the World Summit on Sustainable Development in August\ 2002 .
	its-2	decision-3	-poss	its-2 	decision-3 
A total of 17 million metric tons of potatoes was produced , which was 14 % less than last year -LRB- 106 quintals per hectare -RRB- , and 5.4 million metric tons of vegetables , or 2.2 % more than on the same date last year -LRB- 116 quintals per hectare -RRB- .

The in-home health care services provider said it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares , while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million .

said it will report a write-off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday .

Its members will include the chiefs of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Administration and the Ministry of National Defense .

`` Soldiers and Marines that are guarding the detainees at Camp X-Ray have worse conditions than the detainees , '' he says .
	he-21	says-22	-nsubj	he-21 	says-22 
Ukraine 's foreign trade turnover of goods in January-September 2001 amounted to $ 23.4 billion and increased 13.9 % as against January-September 2000 .

`` This is bullshit , '' thunders another print reporter .

Chen made the remarks while meeting visiting U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Market Access and Compliance William H. Lash , III at the Presidential Office Wednesday .

HARARE : Western countries were left frustrated and impotent after Robert Mugabe formally declared that he had overwhelmingly won Zimbabwe 's presidential election .
	countries-4	left-6	-nsubjpass	Western-3 countries-4 	were-5 left-6 frustrated-7 
It would be entirely improper if , in its defense of Israel , the United States continues to exert pressure on neighboring Arab countries , such as , Syria and Lebanon , which have been accused of supporting terrorist organizations , such as the Hezbolah .
	its-9	defense-10	-poss	its-9 	defense-10 	States-16	continues-17	-nsubj	the-14 United-15 States-16 	continues-17 to-18 exert-19 pressure-20 
In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate `` as a hoped-for goal '' of Telerate 's management `` and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance .
	it-16	views-17	-nsubj	it-16 	views-17 
`` We find ourselves unable to endorse the purported election of President Robert Mugabe as Zimbabwe 's president in this election .
	We-2	find-3	-nsubj	We-2 	find-3 ourselves-4 unable-5 to-6 endorse-7 
They sleep on inch-and-a-half-thick isomats , the same ones that are issued to our military .

Koizumi , meanwhile , called the new U.S. plan `` a very constructive proposal , '' but asked for more efforts from the UnitedStates .

In the chemical and petrochemical industry , the increase in production during the period since the beginning of the current year amounted to 11.9 % .

This accounts for roughly 40 % of Iraq 's total oil exports , he said .
	he-14	said-15	-nsubj	he-14 	said-15 
The United Nations has allowed the implementation of contracts worth some $ 200 million .

In September real wages decreased 1.2 % as against August of the current year .

Reacting to the threats launched by the US president George W. Bush against Iran he condemned the United States expansionist policies .
	he-15	condemned-16	-nsubj	he-15 	condemned-16 	Bush-12	Reacting-1	-nsubj	the-7 US-8 president-9 George-10 W.-11 Bush-12 	Reacting-1 to-2 the-3 threats-4 
Peres briefed Tang on the latest development of the conflict between the two sides .

Ivashev further said Russia is to develop its relations with the Muslim nations as well as China and India .

Six weeks of learning and exploring , sports , arts , and fellowship .

Chen also expressed hope that the United States will negotiate with Taiwan to sign a free trade zone agreement between the two countries so as to help Taiwan 's internalization and to give it more international responsibility .
	Chen-1	expressed-3	-nsubj	Chen-1 	expressed-3 hope-4 
At the end of our day , we are told that a C-141 -LRB- the same plane that transported the detainees -RRB- just became available , and we are prematurely hustled off so the military can dump us in Nowheresville , New Jersey , on a Sunday night after every rental car place in the state has closed .

But as a gaggle of public affairs officers enter , they lay down two immutable laws : There will be no access to detainees -LRB- the Geneva Convention forbids making them a `` public curiosity '' -RRB- .

In addition , Hewlett-Packard acquired a two-year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett-Packard by Octel .

Minister Janik has said that the state of heightened alert introduced in Poland after the 11 September attacks will be upheld at least until the conflict in Afghanistan ends .
	Janik-2	said-4	-nsubj	Minister-1 Janik-2 	has-3 said-4 
The engines of the rocket 's second and third stages have been modernized , and this will be the second launch of the modernized booster carried out by the Russian Aerospace Agency , Rosaviakosmos .

Average monthly per capita monetary income in January-September 2001 amounted to Hr172 .3 as against Hr137 .4 during the corresponding period of 2000 .

Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample of your ad from last year 's auction book , current JCC market statistics and an overview of the many JCC programs that will be preserved and strengthened through your generous support .
	your-40	support-42	-poss	your-40 	generous-41 support-42 
The Iraqi side has pledged to `` take into consideration the Russian Fuel and Energy Ministry 's recommendations '' related to allocation of oil export quotas to its Russian partners .
	side-3	pledged-5	-nsubj	The-1 Iraqi-2 side-3 	has-4 pledged-5 
`` We have discovered that there is a certain family around Lomahasha , which is suspected of assisting illegal immigrants with shelter and transport .
	We-2	discovered-4	-nsubj	We-2 	have-3 discovered-4 
A total of 15,100 cars were unloaded per day in the entire railroad system .

`` I 'm up to my ears in Vieques , '' says Navy Lt. Corey Barker , of the nearby bombing range\ relations fiasco that has been protested by everyone from Al Sharpton to obscure Kennedys .
	Kennedys-36	protested-28		everyone-30 from-31 Al-32 Sharpton-33 to-34 obscure-35 Kennedys-36 	has-26 been-27 protested-28 
Lecaros said that Misuari had developed ties with the Abu Sayyaf rebel group that has carried out a spree of kidnappings .
	Lecaros-1	said-2	-nsubj	Lecaros-1 	said-2 
The Commissioner concluded by stressing the need for further EU emission reduction measures : `` The European Commission has already proposed measures to reduce emissions at the lowest economic cost , including an EC-wide emissions trading scheme to begin in 2005 .
	Commissioner-2	concluded-3	-nsubj	The-1 Commissioner-2 	concluded-3 by-4 stressing-5 	Commission-18	proposed-21	-nsubj	The-16 European-17 Commission-18 	has-19 already-20 proposed-21 
The Commissioner also stated that she was grateful for the strong support received from the European Parliament to secure timely EU ratification , and pleased with the confirmation by the candidate countries that they are on track to ratify .
	she-6	grateful-8	-nsubj	she-6 	was-7 grateful-8 
fell 50 % to 75 % below the year-earlier $ 4.5 million , or 51 cents a share .

`` Wrapped in the suffocating orange boiler suit , '' he wrote , `` I lost any sense of dignity '' -- a loss he could have just as easily sustained by rereading his own copy .
	he-11	wrote-12	-nsubj	he-11 	wrote-12 
The rocket will put a Meteor-3M hydrometeorological spacecraft into orbit .

In addition to Catholic scholars from around the world , former Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti will also take part in the symposium to celebrate the 400th anniversary of the start of Italian Jesuit Matteo Ricci 's mission to China in 1601 , Chang noted .
	Chang-44	noted-45	-nsubj	Chang-44 	noted-45 
There 's an obvious culture clash -LRB- military personnel do n't get paid to ask why ; journalists do n't get paid otherwise -RRB- .

By comparison , the al Qaedans look pretty fat , if not happy .

US President George W. Bush had in his State of the Union address termed Iran , Iraq and North Korea as `` axis of evil '' and accused them of attempting to develop weapons of mass destruction .

The first one took place on 21 May of this year .

It broke Christopher Columbus 's , when he stopped here on his second New World voyage .

Arafat , as leader of the Palestinian people and one of the initiators of peace talks between Israel and Palestine , has made great efforts to push forward the Middle East peace process , Tang said , stressing that disastrous consequences would happen to the Middle East region if unexpected incidents took place to Arafat 's safety .
	Tang-35	said-36	-nsubj	Tang-35 	said-36 
Their tent looks like a Marines-issued college dorm room : Skoal-juice bottles , laundry hanging everywhere , and a spade-like sniper insignia banner tacked to a tent wall .

Lash in return congratulated Chen on Taiwan 's WTO entry and said that his visit shows that the United States attaches great importance to U.S.-Taiwan trade relations .
	States-20	attaches-21	-nsubj	the-18 United-19 States-20 	attaches-21 great-22 importance-23 
But that did n't stop the Mirror 's Stephen Moyes from method reporting by donning an al Qaeda rig .

At the same time the death rate has dropped from 15.3 to 14.7 per 1,000 .

Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .

Misuari launched his revolt after Arroyo decided to back an MNLF rival in an election to be held Monday to choose the next ARMM governor .
	Arroyo-6	decided-7	-nsubj	Arroyo-6 	decided-7 to-8 back-9 
The amount of freight transported by pipelines totalled 184.2 million metric tons , which was 2.1 % less than in January-October 2000 as a result of a decrease of 5.5 % in the volumes of natural gas pipage and a 6.4 % decrease in through shipments of oil .

After hours , we are confined to our Consolidated Bachelor Quarters , sleeping four to a duplex room on cots , some without pillows or blankets .

Tiglao separately told AFP that Manila would hold talks with Kuala Lumpur on the deportation of the former guerrilla leader turned politician .

The average recorded number of unemployed who received unemployment benefits in October 2001 totalled 589,800 persons .

The good news is Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld will be visiting the detainees ' Camp X-Ray the next morning .

Moscow , May 8 , IRNA -- Deputy head of the Russian Geopolitical Research Institute Lyonid Ivashev said on Wednesday the United States sees part of an axis of evil any country which does not follow the its policies .
	head-9	said-18	-nsubj	Deputy-8 head-9 of-10 the-11 Russian-12 Geopolitical-13 Research-14 Institute-15 Lyonid-16 Ivashev-17 	said-18 	States-23	sees-24	-nsubj	the-21 United-22 States-23 	sees-24 
He left after failing to find gold , threatening to cut off the tongues of his crew if they did n't agree to pretend they 'd reached Asia .

`` I 'd hate to see who got second place , '' whispers one reporter .
	reporter-15	whispers-13	-nsubj	one-14 reporter-15 	whispers-13 	I-2	hate-4	-nsubj	I-2 'd-3 	hate-4 
Apart from the result , the main jolt yesterday was that election observers from South Africa , Nigeria and Namibia effectively endorsed the election .
	observers-13	endorsed-22	-nsubj	observers-13 from-14 South-15 Africa-16 ,-17 Nigeria-18 and-19 Namibia-20 effectively-21 	endorsed-22 
As for the development of diplomatic relations between mainland China and the Vatican , Chang noted that differences between the Beijing leadership and the Holy See on religious issues dates from long ago , so it is impossible for the Vatican to broach this issue with Beijing for the time being .
	Chang-15	noted-16	-nsubj	Chang-15 	noted-16 
In January-September 2001 , the country 's population paid Hr4 ,209.2 million for municipal services , including payment of outstanding debts from earlier periods , which amounted to 83.8 % of the amounts charged for this period .

No matter the size of the donation , please know that your gift will be appreciated and make a difference .

`` Misuari is not just any lawbreaking person , '' Lecaros said .
	Lecaros-11	said-12	-nsubj	Lecaros-11 	said-12 
Likewise , when thousands of Cuban rafters were detained here for months in the mid - '90s , many grew so unhappy with Gitmo 's ghostly desolation that they 'd do anything to leave , including inject diesel fuel into their veins , drive tent stakes into their limbs , even swim back to Castro 's Cuba .

Autonomous tests of a booster are under way at an assembly and testing hangar at Baykonur , and the spacecraft is simultaneously being loaded with fuel components , the press service of the Russian Space Forces reported .

Once again , the EU is exercising leadership in addressing this global environmental problem , as we have done in Bonn and Marrakech last year .

The birthrate measures 7.7 per 1,000 inhabitants as against 7.8 per 1,000 in January-October of last year .

The volumes of interoblast and international hauls by motor transport continue to grow .

The proposal is criticized by environmentalists as ineffective for solving global warming and warn that under the plan U.S. greenhouse gas emissions will continue to rise .

Knowing that in some Taliban-held provinces , pederasty rivaled headless-goat polo -LRB- buzkashi -RRB- as the favorite pastime , I ask a Naval officer if there are any reports of Guantanamo prisoners turning to man-love .
	I-20	ask-21	-nsubj	I-20 	ask-21 
The decline in the size of the population is occuring due both to a natural decrease -LRB- 287,000 persons -RRB- and to emigration -LRB- 37,000 -RRB- .

Monetary expenditures and personal savings in January-September 2001 totalled Hr72 ,852 million , which was 23.1 % higher than during the same period of 2000 .

The President of the European Commission Romano Prodi said : `` Today is an historical moment for European efforts to combat climate change .
	President-2	said-9	-nsubj	The-1 President-2 of-3 the-4 European-5 Commission-6 Romano-7 Prodi-8 	said-9 
The average daily unloading of freight cars increased overall by 4.1 % .

At the weekend the European Union , prodded by Britain , is planning to extend the range of sanctions against Zimbabwe , targeting more members of the leadership .

Zhang said recently some serious disturbances such as shop robberies and traffic breakdowns occurred in Argentina , and some groceries owned by overseas Chinese as well as Argentine citizens with Chinese origin were among those looted .
	Zhang-1	said-2	-nsubj	Zhang-1 	said-2 
It costs $ 225 to send one child to camp .

Further proposals are in the pipeline .

Construction volumes increased over the ten-month period by 6.7 % as against the same period last year -LRB- over the first nine months -- by 7.2 % , over the first eight months -- by 8.2 % -RRB- .

According to data submitted by ministries and other executive-branch agencies , arrears in the payment of stipends and financial assistance for students -LRB- studenty , kursanty , and uchni -RRB- at educational institutions under their jurisdiction increased during October of the current year by 13.3 % , and on 1 November 2001 totalled Hr2 .2 million , which is less by a factor of 4.2 than the amount owed at the beginning of 2001 and less by a factor of 4.2 than the amount owed during the corresponding period last year .

When I ask the Marines if they 've seen anything weird , they laugh sheepishly , looking at each other .
	they-13	laugh-14	-nsubj	they-13 	laugh-14 
Moscow , 6 November : Three spacecraft will be launched from the Baykonur space center in November .

The Zimbabwe registrar-general , Tobaiwa Mudede , declared that Mugabe had won a fifth term in office after the results from all 120 constituencies were returned .

Sugar beets -LRB- factory -RRB- were gathered on an area of 842,000 hectares ; a total of 15.5 million metric tons of beets was harvested , with an average yield of 184 quintals per hectare , which was 2.4 million metric tons and 7 centners per hectare more , respectively , than at the beginning of November last year .

Beijing , December 20 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- China believes that the Argentine government and people will overcome the current difficulties , revive their economy and maintain their social stability , said Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue here Thursday .
	China-9	believes-10	-rcmod	China-9 	believes-10 	China-9	said-32	-dep-nsubj	China-9 	said-32 
stock purchase agreement .

In addition to the fun stuff , important life-skills such as self-esteem , leadership , and interpersonal cooperation are being developed .

relations , which were set up in 1979 largely based on a U.S. nod to the `` One China '' Principle , which states that Taiwan is a part of China , Reuters reported .

Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading .

He suggested that Kuala Lumpur would have to take the initiative , saying that Misuari had apparently violated Malaysian law by entering the country without a passport .
	He-1	suggested-2	-nsubj	He-1 	suggested-2 
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding .

As we wait for our flight on a creaky Pan Am jet , we are shunted off to the `` VIP '' room , so named because it has a coffee pot and seascape paintings that look pilfered from a south Florida retirement village .
	we-2	wait-3	-nsubj	we-2 	wait-3 
He pointed out that U.S. President George Bush 's decision to sell arms to Taiwan last April was made to avoid an imbalance of cross-strait military force by 2005 on the one hand and to further safeguard Taiwan 's democratic achievements on the other .
	He-1	pointed-2	-nsubj	He-1 	pointed-2 out-3 	Bush-8	decision-10	-poss	U.S.-5 President-6 George-7 Bush-8 	decision-10 
A stern sign on the bulletin board admonishes us to clean up after ourselves .
	sign-3	admonishes-8	-nsubj	A-1 stern-2 sign-3 on-4 the-5 bulletin-6 board-7 	admonishes-8 
It is worrying that among Powell 's priorities in Beirut were the talks on the activities of the Hezbolah , with an announcement that terrorists might open a new front .

The latest report has Army guards directing detainees on which way to pray to Mecca .

`` This is a runaway victory , '' said the justice minister , Patrick Chinamasa .
	minister-12	said-9	-nsubj	the-10 justice-11 minister-12 	said-9 
Sharon , who used to be a colonel and who is directly responsible for the massacre in the Beirut camps Sabra and Shatila , used his return to power as an opportunity to settle the accounts with his years-long enemies .

A time for a youngster to enjoy the fun and benefits of residential camp living , dedicated staff and instruction , and a chance to make special friends .

23 -LRB- CNA -RRB- -- Republic of China President Chen Shui-bian expressed the hope Wednesday that the United States will help Taiwan 's bid for observer status in the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- , following its assistance to Taiwan 's World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- membership bid .

`` Why not ? '' snaps the reporter .

But after flying thousands of miles , then pub-crawling through the streets of Old San Juan last night , we are here because our military escorts insist we show up at this time , though the flight actually leaves four hours later .
	escorts-26	insist-27	-nsubj	our-24 military-25 escorts-26 	insist-27 
Referring to President Bush 's climate change plan for the US that he announced on 14 February the Commissioner noted : `` These proposals will not lead to a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States but allow a significant increase .
	he-13	announced-14	-nsubj	he-13 	announced-14 
In the final results , Mugabe made a net gain of votes compared with the 2000 parliamentary election in every province in the country .

While the military has spared no expense in construction costs -LRB- in three weeks , they built a completely operational field hospital staffed by 160 medical personnel -- two more than there are prisoners -RRB- , they 've saved a fortune in toilet paper .

The participants discussed extension of humanitarian and military aid to the internationally recognized Afghan government , the source said .
	source-18	said-19	-nsubj	the-17 source-18 	said-19 
Exports of finished products made of imported customer-supplied raw materials were valued at $ 1,270.2 million .

Earlier this year , the EU imposed a travel ban on Mugabe and 19 members of his regime and froze their overseas assets .
	EU-6	imposed-7	-nsubj	the-5 EU-6 	imposed-7 
The new commander of the Northern Alliance , Gen Muhammad Fahim , was introduced to the participants in the meeting .

After a quick stop at McDonald 's -LRB- the only one in Cuba -RRB- , our white school bus transports us past beautiful seaside vistas and brownish cactus-infested scrub , past ramshackle housing and up a hill , which features an abandoned auto yard that the locals used to call Sears .
	locals-47	used-48	-nsubj	the-46 locals-47 	used-48 to-49 call-50 
If you 're a terrorist from Central Asia , it 's not a bad deal : Kill Americans , get arrested , then get a pay raise from America .

The army would like to request whoever is engaged in this criminal activity , to stop , '' he said .
	army-2	like-4	-nsubj	The-1 army-2 	would-3 like-4 	he-19	said-20	-nsubj	he-19 	said-20 
The decision also makes the Member States ' greenhouse gas reduction commitments -LRB- the so-called `` Burden-Sharing Agreement '' -RRB- agreed in June 1998 legally binding .

Inside the air terminal , our baggage handlers check us in with the efficiency of Bulgarian DMV workers .

On 1 November 2001 , the estimated size of the population of Ukraine was 49 million .

Indonesia has notified merchant shipping in the area to check if the boat needs any assistance .

The amount of freight transported by the domestic commercial sea and river fleet increased 3.1 % , including an increase of 6.9 % in foreign hauls .

The chain-link cells themselves do n't need air conditioning , since a comfortable Caribbean breeze -LRB- temperatures range from the low 70s at night to the low 80s during the day -RRB- continuously circulates through the encampment .

Though it 's Saturday , and we 're supposed to be in Cuba until Monday , the military has changed plans and is going to make us leave Guantanamo Sunday morning .

During October , the state employment service removed 83,400 persons from its register for a number of reasons -LRB- including the fact that some people had found jobs on their own -RRB- .

And while American prisoners in the Hanoi Hilton often spent years in solitary confinement and received no medical care -LRB- John McCain to this day ca n't comb his own hair -RRB- , X-Ray detainees get daily sick calls from all manner of doctors , from optometrists to podiatrists .

These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales .

EST , Nov. .

Immediately , an angry media throng closes in on Costello , the air now containing an Altamont-like level of violence .

To see for yourself , do n't bother canvassing Camp X-Ray prisoners .

Taiwan 's \*\*\* United Daily News \*\*\* quoted a U.S. official as saying Bush 's labeling Taiwan as a republic was a `` slip of the tongue '' and indicated no shift in U.S. policy .

Taipei , Sept. 26 -LRB- CNA -RRB- -- It is unlikely that the Vatican will establish diplomatic ties with mainland China any time soon , judging from their differences on religious issues , Ministry of Foreign Affairs -LRB- MOFA -RRB- spokeswoman Chang Siao-yue said Wednesday .

BEIJING -- The United States told China U.S. President George W. Bush had made a mistake when he called Taiwan a country in a speech last week , the official Xinhua news agency reported on Sunday .
	he-18	called-19	-nsubj	he-18 	called-19 	States-5	told-6	-nsubj	The-3 United-4 States-5 	told-6 
The State Budget of Ukraine was balanced with a surplus of Hr0 .8 billion -LRB- 0.5 % of GDP -RRB- .

He said the United States is after imposing its expansionists policies under the pretext of the fight against terrorism .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
Still , says another soldier , `` They 're a pain in the ass .

Bush repeated his rejection of the 1997 Kyoto Protocol aimed atcurbing global warming , and pushed for the alternative he announced last week .
	Bush-1	repeated-2	-nsubj	Bush-1 	repeated-2 	his-3	rejection-4	-poss	his-3 	rejection-4 
maker of voice-processing systems .

Light industry achieved an increase of 15.9 % in output during the reporting period .

If there is a prison uprising , it is these gentleman who will man the guard towers and introduce the rioters to their 72 black-eyed virgins .

In the same manner Israel asked Arafat to leave Ramallah and Palestine , labeling him a troublemaker and politician incapable of controlling the Palestinian suicide bombers .
	Israel-5	asked-6	-nsubj	Israel-5 	asked-6 
In addition , the effective interest rate on the $ 410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66 % .

MANILA , Nov 24 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - President Gloria Arroyo praised Malaysia on Saturday for the swift arrest of Muslim leader Nur Misuari , whose forces embarked on a fresh rebellion this week in the southern Philippines .
	Arroyo-11	praised-12	-rcmod	President-9 Gloria-10 Arroyo-11 	praised-12 
The EU has legally bound itself today to actually reduce its emissions .

As they were transported and in-processed , al Qaeda members were photographed kneeling , wearing earmuffs , shackles , and blackout goggles .

The move is almost certain to scupper any hope of the Commonwealth suspending Zimbabwe next week .

She added that the Argentine government has declared a 30-day emergency .
	government-6	declared-8	-nsubj	the-4 Argentine-5 government-6 	has-7 declared-8 	She-1	added-2	-nsubj	She-1 	added-2 
What we 're trying to do is n't exactly clear at this point .

Powell 's words , `` we are working on this plan , '' are unclear , because he did not say what the plan is , and Israel 's call for a conference on the Middle East is also unclear .

It is to have the status of a ministry and coordinate the activities of ministries and various institutions in crisis situations , for example in the eventuality of a terrorist attack .

`` Action to fight climate change is vital to achieve sustainable development , Mrs. Wallstrom added .

The amount owed in back wages decreased over the past twelve months by Hr2 .4 billion , or 42.5 % , and on 10 October 2001 totalled Hr3 .3 billion .

The Philippine foreign ministry this week canceled Misuari 's regular and diplomatic passports as a Jolo court ordered his arrest .

I am confident that Member States will take the necessary steps in order to allow for a simultaneous ratification together with the European Community before 1 June 2002 .
	I-1	confident-3	-nsubj	I-1 	am-2 confident-3 
For example , a new Israeli-Arab war .

On my last day at Gitmo , all I have time to eat is a stale Ding Dong and a greasy plate of onion rings .

The government , sensing murmurs about revolt , put the army on full alert , deployed troops in key townships and the police set up roadblocks on the main roads into Harare to stop and search vehicles for weapons .

To protect our climate we will have to reduce emissions .

Corn was harvested on an area of 1.1 million hectares -LRB- on 90 % of the area designated for this crop -RRB- ; the yield was 3.4 million metric tons -- 32.1 quintals per hectare .

The total volume of retail trade turnover in retail trade enterprises and the restaurant industry amounted to Hr27 .7 billion , which in comparable prices was 11.8 % more than the total volume during the corresponding period in 2000 .

Though these seemed perfectly reasonable precautions to take when transporting by C-141 members of an organization already responsible for one prison uprising -LRB- Mazar-i-Sharif , which resulted in a CIA operative 's death -RRB- and several suicide plane crashes , human rights groups and international media , led by a chorus of Euro-whiners , immediately lapsed into hysterics .

Beijing authorities are expected to take advantage of a large religious meeting slated for October 14 in Beijing to develop the possibility of setting up formal relations with the Vatican , according to the report .
	authorities-2	expected-4	-nsubjpass	Beijing-1 authorities-2 	are-3 expected-4 
`` As chairman of the Organisation of African Unity and president of a friendly neighbor , I congratulate President Mugabe on his re-election , '' Mwanawasa said .
	I-17	congratulate-18	-nsubj	I-17 	congratulate-18 	Mwanawasa-26	said-27	-nsubj	Mwanawasa-26 	said-27 
Taiwan 's WTO entry is not a conclusion of its goal but the beginning of its chance to play an important role in the world , Lash said , adding that the United States will continue to help Taiwan realize all its WTO expectations .

Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .

Those who think the prisoners are getting coddled -LRB- Rep. John Mica , a Florida Republican , visited the camp and said it 's `` too good for the bastards '' -RRB- will be happy to know that the shampoo is not jojoba-enriched .
	Those-1	think-3	-rcmod	Those-1 who-2 	think-3 	Those-1	happy-35	-nsubj	Those-1 who-2 	will-33 be-34 happy-35 to-36 know-37 
Tang asked Israel to do so in order to serve the overall requirement of security and stability in the Middle East as well as Israel 's own long-term interest .
	Tang-1	asked-2	-nsubj	Tang-1 	asked-2 
`` Both the economy and the environment can be improved together .

He said , however , that a real unification will take place after all , since the CIS countries have far more reasons for a union that the European Union countries .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
A FEW hours later , we touch down at the Guantanamo landing strip on the isolated leeward side of the base -LRB- Gitmo , as it is nicknamed , is actually bisected by Guantanamo Bay -RRB- .

The impression is that , under US sponsorship , the international community deliberated too long about the violence in the Middle East .

His hard , dark orbs dart to and fro while he delivers a good news\ news proposition .

There has been an unconfirmed report that a Norwegian ship has reached the vessel .

After another hour or two of waiting , a mouthy reporter loudly calls his editor so we can all hear him report the latest : `` Same shit , different day .

The USDF found 43 Somalians inside two kombis in Maphiveni and 23 others were found without travel documents at Matsamo border and were handed over to the Horo police .

A total of 12.7 million metric tons of freight was delivered to customers .

Its launch will be carried out by a modernized Soyuz-FG booster designed and manufactured at the Progress aerospace center in Samara .

The volumes of ammonia transported increased overall by 11.6 % , the through shipment of ammonia -- by 7.1 % .

Malaysia , which had given sanctuary to Misuari and his guerrillas in the early 1970s , has called on Misuari to end a bloody six-day-old rebellion by his followers in the southern Philippine island of Jolo .
	Malaysia-1	called-18	-nsubj	Malaysia-1 	has-17 called-18 on-19 
`` My editors are going to crush my nuts , '' says one reporter , probably female .
	reporter-14	says-12	-nsubj	one-13 reporter-14 	says-12 
According to these Marines , they do n't just pleasure themselves to freak out the snipers , but also to embarrass the female Army guards in the camp 's interior .

The only abuse the detainees are experiencing is self-inflicted .

The positive foreign trade balance amounted to $ 1,722.3 million and decreased by 1.8 % .

Because Pleasant Run is the only `` family '' for so many , our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult .

Production in the textile industry grew 12 % .

During October , 151,800 jobless citizens applied to the state employment services in search of work , which was 13,500 more people -LRB- 9.8 % -RRB- than had applied in September .

The current summit will hopefully allow the CIS countries to lay new ways towards rapprochement .

Touching on Taiwan 's WTO entry , Chen said Taiwan could not have smoothly entered the WTO if the United States government and Congress did not render their firm support to Taiwan 's bid for membership .
	Chen-8	said-9	-nsubj	Chen-8 	said-9 
Running the public affairs show is Army Lt. Col. William Costello , a bearish soldier who looks like the kind of guy who enjoys breaking things on his face .

The extent to which Mugabe outmanoeuvred the west was made clear when southern African countries issued a surprise statement declaring the conduct of the election free and fair .

We can see for ourselves , sort of .
	We-1	see-3	-nsubj	We-1 	can-2 see-3 
Costello , like many Gitmo types , is baffled at the uproar over the prisoners ' treatment .

The Consolidated Budget surplus for the first nine months of 2001 amounted to Hr1 .4 billion -LRB- 0.9 % of GDP -RRB- .

WHILE public affairs officers these days are going to great lengths to talk about how docile the prisoners are , detainees have been reported biting a guard , spitting , and threatening to kill Americans .

In October 2001 , the employment services helped to find jobs for 83,000 persons .

The company said it expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt and for general corporate purposes , including establishing new operating centers and possible acquisitions .
	it-4	expects-5	-nsubj	it-4 	expects-5 	company-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 company-2 	said-3 
He also expressed gratitude and admiration to the United States for its firm support for Taiwan , especially in maintaining the security of the Taiwan Strait and peace in the Asia-Pacific region .
	He-1	expressed-3	-nsubj	He-1 	expressed-3 gratitude-4 	He-1	admiration-6	-nsubj-dobj-conj	He-1 	admiration-6 	its-12	support-14	-poss	its-12 	firm-13 support-14 
Manila wants to put Misuari on trial for rebellion in connection with a revolt on Monday which claimed at least 113 lives .
	Manila-1	wants-2	-nsubj	Manila-1 	wants-2 
During January-October of the current year , as part of rent for land and property shares -LRB- parcels -RRB- , shareholders were issued 1.3 million metric tons of grain , 19,100 metric tons of sunflower seeds , 4,800 metric tons of cattle and poultry -LRB- liveweight -RRB- , 4,800 metric tons of milk and dairy products , 3.5 million eggs , 2,400 metric tons of vegetable oil , and 5,100 metric tons of sugar .

The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday .
	directors-9	rejected-11	-nsubj	Telerate-5 's-6 two-7 independent-8 directors-9 	have-10 rejected-11 
`` You mean east , '' I say .
	I-7	say-8	-nsubj	I-7 	say-8 
Positive termination of his or her Pleasant Run program 4 .

Production by thermal and hydroelectric stations increased 3.6 % and 11 % , respectively .

`` You 're not allowed to stay , '' says Costello .
	Costello-11	says-10	-nsubj	Costello-11 	says-10 
Last month members of the Umbutfo Swaziland Defense Force -LRB- USDF -RRB- found 594 illegal aliens in the country .

Besides drinking , our only entertainment is a pool table -- one cue is cracked , the other is missing its tip .

One of us will call you to discuss how your company can continue to be an important , highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs .
	One-1	call-5	-nsubj	One-1 of-2 us-3 	will-4 call-5 
In response to Tang 's enquiry , he expressed that Israel is willing to promise to the international community that Israel will not threaten Arafat 's personal safety and will not destroy the Palestine National Authority .
	he-8	expressed-9	-nsubj	he-8 	expressed-9 	Israel-11	willing-13	-nsubj	Israel-11 	is-12 willing-13 to-14 promise-15 
The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share .

Individuals who are being emancipated are eligible to receive up to $ 500 from the Fund if they formally apply and meet four requirements : 1 .

