The military great power that towers over Afghanistan has committed itself to overthrow the ruling Taliban system , and has pledged to support the US `` anti-terrorism military operation '' now being prepared .
	operation-29	support-23	-dobj	the-24 US-25 ``-26 anti-terrorism-27 military-28 operation-29 	has-20 pledged-21 to-22 support-23 
In fiscal 1989 , Elco earned $ 7.8 million , or $ 1.65 a share .

The gang drove the car around the vicinity while they interrogated the victims for about two hours .

THE ABDUCTION of a French diplomat 's wife on Thursday has introduced a political dimension to the kidnap-for-ransom pestilence that has spread dramatically during the past 10 months .

We must avoid seeing environmental problems increase the social differences in the world .

The explanation is that the increased concentration of climate gases in the atmosphere and the slowness of the climate system will make a certain degree of global warming unavoidable .

Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406 .

He described his victory in the poll as `` a stunning blow to imperialism '' and thanked African countries for supporting Zimbabwe in its stand-off with Western countries over the agrarian reforms .
	victory-4	described-2	-dobj	his-3 victory-4 in-5 the-6 poll-7 	described-2 	victory-4	thanked-17	-dobj-conj	his-3 victory-4 in-5 the-6 poll-7 	thanked-17 	countries-19	described-2	-dobj-conj	African-18 countries-19 	described-2 	countries-19	thanked-17	-dobj	African-18 countries-19 	thanked-17 	countries-19	supporting-21	-dobj-prep-pcomp	African-18 countries-19 	supporting-21 	Zimbabwe-22	supporting-21	-dobj	Zimbabwe-22 in-23 its-24 stand-off-25 with-26 Western-27 countries-28 over-29 the-30 agrarian-31 reforms-32 	supporting-21 
Gifts of $ 100 or more will be matched thanks to a special 25th Anniversary $ 100,000 Challenge Grant and will be placed in the Growth For Girls Fund .

That 's a fair deal .

This would have been a joke only yesterday .

Mugabe even talked about his desire to keep safeguarding Zimbabwe 's sovereignty and land in spirit when he dies , a dream which the veteran leader said forced him to sacrifice a bright teaching career in the 1950s to lead his compatriots out of colonial rule .
	keep-8	desire-6	-vmod	to-7 keep-8 safeguarding-9 Zimbabwe-10 's-11 sovereignty-12 and-13 land-14 in-15 spirit-16 	desire-6 	dream-22	said-27	-rcmod	a-21 dream-22 	said-27 forced-28 
As a friend of Venezuela , China hoped to further strengthen friendship and cooperation with the country , Zhang said .

Ang-See 's close collaboration with former PNP chief , now Sen. Panfilo Lacson , is an open secret .

According to the Spanish foreign ministry , Aznar and De la Rua also spoke about the next Ibero-American Summit , which will take place this November in Lima , as well as relations between the European Union and Latin America .

In reality , Putin asked for a free hand regarding Chechnia , some understanding , or even that the Americans look the other way .
	look-21	asked-5	-dep	the-19 Americans-20 look-21 the-22 other-23 way-24 	asked-5 
For Jose Agripino Maia , PFL -LRB- Liberal Front Party -RRB- leader in the Senate , although Brazil has detached itself from Argentina , it should not disregard the message of the crises that is devastating the neighboring country .

Even if developing countries have contributed to these climate problems to just a slight degree , they will nevertheless bear the greatest burden .

`` I will accept the results more than anything because I will have won , '' said Mugabe .
	results-6	accept-4	-dobj	the-5 results-6 more-7 than-8 anything-9 	will-3 accept-4 	Mugabe-18	accept-4	-nsubj-ccomp	Mugabe-18 	will-3 accept-4 	Mugabe-18	said-17	-nsubj	Mugabe-18 	said-17 
`` No reason was given for the disapproval , '' the spokeswoman added .

In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Intelogic shares rose 37.5 cents to close at $ 2.75 .

said it expects net income in the year ending June 30 , 1990 , to fall below a recent analyst 's estimate of $ 1.65 a share .
	income-5	expects-3	-dobj	net-4 income-5 in-6 the-7 year-8 ending-9 June-10 30-11 ,-12 1990-13 ,-14 to-15 fall-16 below-17 a-18 recent-19 analyst-20 's-21 estimate-22 of-23 $-24 1.65-25 a-26 share-27 	expects-3 
Stopover crises counseling for youth .

`` We have to deliver and safeguard the most important heritage to the young generation - land - which was taken from our forefathers by force , '' he told a recent rally .

A proposal for an early quota system will be at the center of this report .

He added that the above mentioned products will help offset the difficult social conditions of more than 460,000 people in need in the province .

This possibility and the proliferation of expressions of support for the overthrown leader among the military officers made a change of course advisable , with the forced resignation of Carmona and the even more meteoric period in office of Chavez 's vice-president , Diosdado Cabello , who only took up the post in order to give his leader time to reappear .

It was the first time that a Taiwan labor group has been invited to participate in a meeting of the ILO , which is an affiliate of the United Nations .
	group-10	invited-13	-nsubjpass	a-7 Taiwan-8 labor-9 group-10 	has-11 been-12 invited-13 
Such desperation by Mugabe should not be condoned by African leaders .
	desperation-2	condoned-8	-nsubjpass	Such-1 desperation-2 by-3 Mugabe-4 	be-7 condoned-8 
The incident happened on the Perm-Kudymkar motorway 6km from the Karagai village of the Perm region at about midnight .

The MDC party has accused Mugabe of using violence and other electoral manipulation to rig the poll .
	Mugabe-6	accused-5	-dobj	Mugabe-6 	has-4 accused-5 
In addition to being effective , an early quota system would also give business and industry useful experience before the international quota system following the Kyoto Protocol comes into effect in 2008 .

Under the offer , shareholders will receive one right for each 105 common shares owned .

President Bush caused an international outcry when he rejected the 1997 Kyoto protocol on climate change last year , saying it hindered US economic growth .
	protocol-13	rejected-9	-dobj	the-10 1997-11 Kyoto-12 protocol-13 on-14 climate-15 change-16 	rejected-9 
The Chinese insurance market grew 40 percent in 2001 .

At this time however , he taught a lesson to the Americans .

The report also slammed US President George W. Bush 's administration for withdrawing from the Kyoto Protocol on cutting greenhouse gases .
	administration-11	slammed-4	-dobj	US-5 President-6 George-7 W.-8 Bush-9 's-10 administration-11 	slammed-4 
The Abu Sayyaf kidnapping of foreigners in Sipadan , Malaysia , and in Dos Palmas , Palawan , broke this ethnicity pattern .

Materials contained in the criminal case brought against Serdyuk say that the man disarmed the convoy , got hold of four PM pistols , wounded the head of the criminal investigation subdepartment of the Kochevo police department , who commanded the convoy , captured the driver of the police vehicle and left in the direction of Perm .

`` Our energy is better spent on reviving the economy than plotting to bring down each other , '' he said .

Please , make a tax deductible gift to Community Centers of Indianapolis in 1999 , and know that COMPANY is playing an important part in meeting the needs of its community .

With a 21-gun salute sounding and four fighter jets sweeping overhead , the colorful inauguration took place amid thunderous applause by thousands of ruling party supporters .

And Putin has established the prospect of taking further steps in this regard .

`` Once again the United States , assuming the role of ` world judge of human rights ' has distorted human rights conditions in many countries and regions in the world , including China , and accused them of human rights violations , all the while turning a blind eye to its own human rights-related problems , '' the Chinese report said .
	them-38	accused-37	-dobj	them-38 of-39 human-40 rights-41 violations-42 	accused-37 
Norway and other industrialized countries , on the other hand , have fairly good prospects of grappling with climate changes because we have an economy to put necessary measures to work .

Deputy Jose Genoino -LRB- Workers Party -- Sao Paulo -RRB- said that the wave of looting threatens Argentine democracy .
	threatens-17	said-11	-ccomp	the-13 wave-14 of-15 looting-16 threatens-17 Argentine-18 democracy-19 	said-11 
At the same time , the PNP ca n't be burying its head in the sand and offering explanations all the time , rather than check the rise of kidnappings .

In the government 's work to put the quota system into shape in Norway , we are now discussing a number of problems .

Sader affirmed , `` The new policy of -LRB- US President George W. -RRB- Bush is to permit decay .
	policy-7	affirmed-2	-nsubj-ccomp	The-5 new-6 policy-7 of-8 -LRB--9 US-10 President-11 George-12 W.-13 -RRB--14 Bush-15 	affirmed-2 
The IHRC said that all nations and religions condemned the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
	attacks-14	said-3	-dobj-ccomp	the-10 September-11 11-12 terrorist-13 attacks-14 on-15 New-16 York-17 and-18 Washington-19 	said-3 	attacks-14	condemned-9	-dobj	the-10 September-11 11-12 terrorist-13 attacks-14 on-15 New-16 York-17 and-18 Washington-19 	condemned-9 
According to the United Nations ' climate panel , in the next 10 to 20 years changes in the climate will be almost unaffected by what we do in the way of initiatives in the next few years to reduce emissions of climate gases .

`` That message has not been accepted in Britain , that Zimbabwe is for Zimbabweans .
	Zimbabwe-12	accepted-7	-nsubj-ccomp	Zimbabwe-12 	has-4 not-5 been-6 accepted-7 	message-3	accepted-7	-nsubjpass	That-2 message-3 	has-4 not-5 been-6 accepted-7 
The IHRC said in a statement to mark December 10 , `` international day for human rights '' that the international community has formulated numerous documents to honor human rights after 50 years of bitter experience and the heavy losses that the humanity has suffered .
	rights-30	honor-28	-dobj	human-29 rights-30 	honor-28 
They discussed ways of co-operating in the science and technology fields to prevent global warming .

The gang fled with the car , and the victims took a tricycle home .

He was promoted to the rank of Lt. General on 28 October 1998 , following which he was made the Corps Commander of Lahore .

The European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- and the US have joined the opposition in alleging the election was neither free nor fair and threatened more sanctions on Zimbabwe .
	election-17	alleging-15	-nsubj-ccomp	the-16 election-17 	have-10 joined-11 the-12 opposition-13 in-14 alleging-15 	election-17	threatened-24	-nsubj-conj	the-16 election-17 	threatened-24 
The Russian President has understood this American recognition .
	recognition-8	understood-5	-dobj	this-6 American-7 recognition-8 	has-4 understood-5 
The advisories have been prompted by domestic lawlessness and political turbulence rather than by a possible outbreak of insidious terrorist attacks associated with al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden and provoked by the American military action in Afghanistan .

During a private dinner held Tuesday -LRB- 16 October -RRB- at Moncloa Palace , the seat of the Spanish presidency , the leaders examined Argentina 's economic problems and the electoral setback suffered by the governing Alliance in the elections held Sunday -LRB- 14 October -RRB- in Argentina , according to sources within the Spanish foreign ministry .

`` SA wants Mugabe to accommodate the opposition in his new government to form a coalition government , '' said an official source .
	Mugabe-4	wants-3	-dobj	Mugabe-4 	wants-3 
He said the report , for instance , claimed that the Swapo publication Namibia Today , the ruling party paper , was a Government-owned magazine .
	report-4	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 report-4 	said-2 	report-4	claimed-9	-nsubj	the-3 report-4 	claimed-9 
In his inaugural address , Mugabe extended an olive branch to the opposition to join him in rebuilding the country 's economy , which has suffered three years of consecutive decline , but did not say in what role .

The Government did not account for the whereabouts of some persons detained by the security forces .

In coming years the winters will be less snowy but greener and wetter .

de Navigation Mixte , apparently to help fend off an unwelcome takeover bid for the company .

He was criticized more than recognized for his policy .
	recognized-6	criticized-3	-dobj	more-4 than-5 recognized-6 for-7 his-8 policy-9 	was-2 criticized-3 
These aid goods have arrived at a time when the World Food Program , WFP is cutting down on air transportation of aid to Bie Province from 3,500 metric tons to 2,000 metric tons .

Many African leaders have supported Mugabe 's re-election victory in Zimbabwe 's crucial election , which they said was '' transparent , credible , free and fair '' .

USP -LRB- University of Sao Paulo -RRB- professor Emir Sader believes that Peronists will remain in power after the elections , slowly growing weaker , allowing room for the emergence of new leadership .
	Peronists-13	believes-11	-nsubj-ccomp	Peronists-13 	believes-11 
BEIJING - China issued its annual report on human rights in the United States on Monday , accusing Washington of turning a blind eye to abuses in its own land while criticizing other countries for theirs .
	Washington-19	accusing-18	-dobj	Washington-19 	accusing-18 	countries-34	accusing-18	-dobj-pcomp-prep-pcomp-prep-dobj	other-33 countries-34 for-35 theirs-36 	accusing-18 	countries-34	criticizing-32	-dobj	other-33 countries-34 for-35 theirs-36 	criticizing-32 
Addressing the meeting , Denktas said that this week is `` Martryrs Week , `` adding that `` it is the 38th anniversary of the struggle started to annihilate Turks in Cyprus ... We fought for half of our lives to prevent the occupation of Cyprus from Greece and not to make the island a Greek dagger that is thrust into the heart of Anatolia .

Under these reforms , the Zimbabwean government has taken over excess and idle farms from white farmers , who own the bulk of the country 's arable land , to resettle landless peasants .

The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson .

On Sunday -LRB- 25 November -RRB- , the Belgian Army will begin relieving its troops that are stationed in Kosovo within the scope of the NATO-led peace force -LRB- KFOR -LRB- Kosovo Force -RRB- -RRB- .

Navigation Mixte 's chairman had suggested that friendly institutions were likely to buy its stock as soon as trading opened Monday .
	institutions-9	suggested-6	-nsubj-ccomp	friendly-8 institutions-9 	had-5 suggested-6 
Nevertheless , one could not fail taking note of the fact that in the same response the United States called upon the Chechens to `` unconditionally and without delay to terminate every contact with international terrorist groups , '' and that they accept Putin 's offer to make peace .
	offer-46	called-20	-dobj-conj	Putin-44 's-45 offer-46 to-47 make-48 peace-49 	called-20 upon-21 	offer-46	accept-43	-dobj	Putin-44 's-45 offer-46 to-47 make-48 peace-49 	accept-43 
The report charged that many people were arrested on the basis of suspicious links with Angolan rebel movement , Unita , and the Caprivi Liberation Army -LRB- CLA -RRB- .

However , Mugabe is under strong regional pressure to form a government of national unity , incorporating his closest rival in the poll , to ensure political and economic stability in Zimbabwe .

According to the rights report , most of the abuses were perpetrated by Special Field Force -LRB- SFF -RRB- members .

He indicated that although Taiwan is not a U.N. member , it has signed two international agreements related to labor affairs and abides by all the regulations stipulated by the ILO .

The bar on the USS Curtis Wilbur with some 346 crew is seen as reflecting Beijing 's anger over Washington 's decision to allow Taiwanese Defense Minister Tang Yao-ming to visit Florida for a military conference this month .
	allow-24	anger-18	-vmod-pobj-prep-dobj	allow-24 Taiwanese-25 Defense-26 Minister-27 Tang-28 Yao-ming-29 to-30 visit-31 Florida-32 for-33 a-34 military-35 conference-36 this-37 month-38 	anger-18 	allow-24	decision-22	-vmod	allow-24 Taiwanese-25 Defense-26 Minister-27 Tang-28 Yao-ming-29 to-30 visit-31 Florida-32 for-33 a-34 military-35 conference-36 this-37 month-38 	decision-22 
Taiwan is the only country in Asia that allows foreign laborers to enjoy the same salary levels as their local counterparts , which elevates its image in international society , Lin added .
	image-26	elevates-24	-dobj	its-25 image-26 in-27 international-28 society-29 	elevates-24 
South African President Thabo Mbeki and President Olusegun Obasanjo are expected in Harare Monday for talks with the Zimbabwean leader on a possible government of national unity .

The abduction , however , delivered a more devastating blow on the capacity of the Macapagal administration to crack down on kidnap syndicates than the grim statistics trotted out by Teresita Ang-See , the Chinese-Filipino anti-crime `` crusader , '' who has relished the role of Cassandra to the Philippine National Police under the new administration .

In the eastern part of Norway the biggest increase in precipitation will be in the winter .

The PNP , which believes it was a case of mistaken identity , could not explain why it took the gang two hours to know the identity of the lady .
	it-6	believes-5	-nsubj-ccomp	it-6 	believes-5 	identity-27	know-25	-dobj	the-26 identity-27 of-28 the-29 lady-30 	to-24 know-25 
She denounced Israeli terrorist attacks against Palestinian activists , urging it to halt what she called targeted killing of Palestinians .
	attacks-5	denounced-2	-dobj	Israeli-3 terrorist-4 attacks-5 against-6 Palestinian-7 activists-8 	denounced-2 	attacks-5	urging-10	-dobj-vmod	Israeli-3 terrorist-4 attacks-5 against-6 Palestinian-7 activists-8 	urging-10 	it-11	urging-10	-dobj	it-11 	urging-10 
Some of these are : The range-which gases and sectors should be included in the quota system , and how businesses exposed to competition should be dealt with .

We are setting the stage for Norway to get national initiatives under way earlier than we are required to under the Kyoto Protocol .

The US report came out last week .

The solidarity would bring about an international campaign to dry up the roots of terrorism and expand peace and security in the international community , but , certain countries resort to military power and embark on trampling upon human rights of civilians .

`` The degree of pauperization will be brutal .

Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter .

All was not lost in Zimbabwe 's rigged election last week .

The report says even though the Namibian Constitution provided that people arrested must be informed of the reason for their arrest and be brought before a magistrate within 48 hours of their detention , this has not been the case .

can be exercised for $ 100 each .

The advantages are that the authorities can set a ceiling on all emissions .

All of this leaves in the air a feeling of military uncertainty , after a two-way trip in 24 hours which will undoubtedly leave deep wounds in armed forces which clearly have not given up their wish to exert a decisive influence in political life .
	exert-39	given-34	-vmod	to-38 exert-39 a-40 decisive-41 influence-42 in-43 political-44 life-45 	have-32 not-33 given-34 up-35 their-36 wish-37 
He joined the Pakistan Army in May 1966 .

Some administration officials wonder whether she paints doomsday scenarios just to embarrass the administration and to portray the contrast in performance between the PNP under Lacson and the current PNP leadership , which has no love lost with Lacson .
	leadership-31	has-34	-rcmod	the-13 administration-14 and-15 to-16 portray-17 the-18 contrast-19 in-20 performance-21 between-22 the-23 PNP-24 under-25 Lacson-26 and-27 the-28 current-29 PNP-30 leadership-31 	has-34 no-35 love-36 
We 're asking for a contribution in the amount of because you ca n't got a better bang for your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in so many ways .

South Africa 's leader , Mbeki , who has been inclined toward `` quiet diplomacy '' with Zimbabwe , has now made himself heard .

However , US naval visits to Hong Kong resumed in July .

But he told the nation that in spite of stiff opposition to the agrarian reforms from powerful Western countries , especially the country 's former colonial power of Britain , he would press ahead to seize farms from whites and resettle blacks .

The conventional explanation is that because of their wealth , they are the logical prey from which to extract ransom money -- a perverse form of nationalist racism and redistribution of national wealth .

I was matched with my Big Sister in June of 1992 .

The center 's chief , Aleksandr Medvedev , reported to the president about the development of Russia 's segment on board the International Space Station -LRB- ISS -RRB- .

Diplomats here said a government of national unity was partly intended to allow Britain and the United States to save face over their insistence on the MDC ' s victory in Zimbabwe 's election .
	government-5	said-3	-nsubjpass-ccomp	a-4 government-5 of-6 national-7 unity-8 	said-3 
The report said that Chinese mainland was seen as a massive potential market for insurers , who should find it gradually easier to sell their products now that Beijing had joined the World Trade Organization .

Better yet , most of these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from all over the city - CICOA The Access Network , Goodwill Industries , Indianapolis Housing Agency , City of Indianapolis , Indianapolis Private Industry Council , Family and Social Services administration , OTC , Indy Parks , and numerous community development corporations , neighborhood organizations , and churches , to name just a few .

The government wants to play an active role internationally but we should also work on reducing emissions here at home .
	play-5	wants-3	-xcomp	to-4 play-5 an-6 active-7 role-8 internationally-9 but-10 we-11 	wants-3 
While Ang-See 's statistics , derived mainly from non-official sources , paint a grim picture , they should not be ignored .
	they-17	ignored-21	-nsubjpass	they-17 	be-20 ignored-21 
Bangkok , Aug. 28 -LRB- CNA -RRB- -- The Taipei-based Chinese Federation of Labor -LRB- CFL -RRB- attended the Asian regional meeting of the International Labor Organization -LRB- ILO -RRB- held Tuesday in Bangkok , mainly because of its work to protect foreign laborers in Taiwan .

Today , at the threshold of expansion , it is no longer a joke .

According to Koptev , such interaction with Europe would make it possible for six spacemen to be on board the ISS rather than the current three , as well as to use a Russian Soyuz rocket as a rescue spaceship .

Nyanda is scheduled to return after a week and he will then immediately travel to the Democratic Republic of the Congo .

We go to movies , dinner , concerts , and other stuff like that , but I have also been able to participate in charity events and fundraiser type things .

Zimbabwe 's opposition says it will only join Mugabe in a unity government if he agrees to a new , better-run election .
	it-5	says-4	-nsubj-ccomp	it-5 	says-4 	it-5	agrees-16	-nsubj-advcl	it-5 	agrees-16 	election-22	agrees-16	-pobj-prep	better-run-21 election-22 	agrees-16 
The perception is that there was a political message in the abductions staged by some groups that are determined to make this government fail .

He also served as chief instructor at the National Defense College , and Command and Staff College , Quetta .

Retired Lt. Gen. Khalid Maqbool is from the Baloch Regiment .

Montedison currently owns about 72 % of Erbamont 's common shares outstanding .

Lin noted that Taiwan is one of the ICFTU founders and that its participation in the ILO can serve as a model for Taiwan to take part in international activities .
	Taiwan-4	noted-2	-nsubj-ccomp	Taiwan-4 	noted-2 
The kidnap gang freed her and her driver within two hours of seizure .

Do not sit this one out .

These extrapolations of the state of the climate are not completely reliable .

The replacement force will also include a Luxembourg contingent -- as has been the case since 1999 -- as well as a Romanian company including 84 troops .

Regardless of the shape of the measures in Norway , Norwegian businesses as well ought to contribute to reducing emissions in poor countries .

It is a model for all poverty-reducing efforts at this week 's UN conference on development aid being held in Mexico -LRB- see opinion piece -RRB- .

While defying international pressure to back down from his controversial land reforms , Mugabe has said he needs a new six - year mandate to complete the reforms .
	six-21	needs-18	-dobj	a-19 new-20 six-21 	needs-18 	Mugabe-14	needs-18	-nsubj-ccomp	his-9 controversial-10 land-11 reforms-12 ,-13 Mugabe-14 	needs-18 
Moscow , 21 January : President Vladimir Putin visited the Khrunichev space center on Monday evening -LRB- 21 January -RRB- .

Rosaviakosmos Director Yuriy Koptev , in his turn , told the president that , at present , Russia was actively interacting with European countries on `` the interchangeability '' of the ISS ' American segment .

I have become more open-minded , more responsible , and , most importantly , I have gained a lot more self-confidence .

Carl Sagan You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana .

More than 34,000 people benefited from our services in 1997 , and the final count for 1998 could be even higher .

But if we do not make these expenditures now , the bill for the generations to come will be even bigger .

We have a very risky scenario .

`` The human communities have suffered heavy human losses in the course of devastating world wars and understood that any progress in human communities is dependent on honoring the human rights , '' it said .
	progress-21	understood-18	-nsubj-ccomp	any-20 progress-21 in-22 human-23 communities-24 	understood-18 
He was also the Military Secretary of the former Governor of Balochistan , retired Lt. Gen. Rahimuddin Khan .

The less-than-robust third-quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer-aided program trading .

They think she is traveling too much , while internal problems sap the country 's energy , and that she has misplaced strategic priorities in her overseas visits .

Thanks to our Big Sisters volunteers , these young people are self-confident , believe in themselves and are beginning to realize their full potential .

Representatives from Japan and the United States have finished two days of talks Tuesday on climate change in Tokyo .

For the political scientist , Argentina can not wait for assistance from the American Government .

The elements in a more offensive climate policy are : Initiatives between now and 2008 : The government wants to show demonstrable progress in the reduction of climate emissions by 2005 .
	show-21	wants-19	-xcomp	to-20 show-21 demonstrable-22 progress-23 in-24 the-25 reduction-26 of-27 climate-28 emissions-29 by-30 2005-31 	wants-19 
The Credit Lyonnais purchase , for 33,000 regular common shares and 10,000 newly created shares , is valued at about slightly more than 80 million French francs .

Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .

The bags were discovered during a personal search in the inspection room and were hidden in the shoe soles .

In Berlin , where he was the center of stormy celebration , he vindicated for himself the deeper truth that may be seen behind terror .

Political scientists agree : Argentina lacks a political force that can stand up to Peronism and Radicalism .

Noting that the agreements signed in 1960 for Cyprus were considered as nonexistent by many countries , Denktas said that the international society treated the island as if it was a Greek Cypriot Republic and treated its Turkish partner as if it was a minority .
	signed-5	considered-11	-advcl	the-3 agreements-4 signed-5 in-6 1960-7 for-8 Cyprus-9 	were-10 considered-11 
In the run-up to the March 9-11 poll , critics had accused the Zimbabwean leader of stirring up the emotive land issue merely to garner support in the country 's closest-fought election since independence in 1980 .
	leader-15	accused-12	-dobj	the-13 Zimbabwean-14 leader-15 	had-11 accused-12 
The coup misjudged its strength and Carmona remaining in power could have led to a serious division of the armed forces .

This is viewed as the main impediment to the establishment of political order in the country .
	This-1	viewed-3	-nsubjpass	This-1 	is-2 viewed-3 
Looking tired but blithesome after more than a month of daily election campaigns throughout the southern African country , Mugabe cast his vote in a weekend presidential poll , in which he is facing a serious challenge from his main rival Tsvangirai .

For that reason the rich countries-those making the climate worse-must go on the offensive to solve the problems we ourselves have created .

This is our land , and we have no intention of owning a piece of land in Britain , '' said Mugabe .
	Mugabe-22	said-21	-nsubj	Mugabe-22 	said-21 
The seizure sent alarm bells ringing in the diplomatic community in this country .

According to the reporter , the Brazilian president apparently advised De la Sota to move forward the elections , initially slated for March 2002 .
	Sota-13	advised-10	-dobj	De-11 la-12 Sota-13 to-14 move-15 forward-16 the-17 elections-18 	advised-10 
There are areas where we must work together because we have a common destiny , '' said Mugabe .
	Mugabe-18	said-17	-nsubj	Mugabe-18 	said-17 
All of which , incidentally , is something of which Chavez has done very little so far .

The visit is aimed at strengthening military relations between the two countries .
	visit-2	aimed-4	-nsubjpass	The-1 visit-2 	is-3 aimed-4 
If you have any questions , please feel free to give us a call at 638-3360 .

Rato explained the macroeconomic measures that were applied in Spain to De la Rua , at a time when the Argentine Government is aiming for a zero deficit .

an Intelogic affiliate .

This fund will support the goal of having 550 mentoring relationships by the end of 1999 and 1,200 by the end of 2004 .

The grand pact , known as the New Partnership for Africa 's Development , was initiated by the two leaders .

Yield on the issue was 7.88 % .

For the next few years our goal is to both gain more knowledge and put together good preparedness strategies .
	gain-11	goal-7	-nsubj	both-10 gain-11 more-12 knowledge-13 and-14 put-15 together-16 good-17 preparedness-18 strategies-19 	goal-7 
Shivute cited the American detention of 300 people at a US naval base at Guantanamo Bay without bringing them to trial .

`` Accordingly , at this time it is your turn to think , '' Putin said .

This is exactly what happened in 1997 when Community Centers of Indianapolis provided its comprehensive , neighborhood-based services to individuals and families all over Marion County .

You are an important part in making sure these young people are matched with caring adult mentors .

He asked that Brazil promote meetings in the South American continent , or serve as intermediary in negotiations with international institutions .

CFL President Lin Hui-kuan led the Taiwan delegation to the meeting in the name of observer of the International Confederation of Free Trade Union -LRB- ICFTU -RRB- .

Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares .

The offer , advertised in today 's editions of The Wall Street Journal , is scheduled to expire at the end of November .

In addition to producing climate benefits , such measures will contribute to development and reduced local pollution in poor countries .

Islamabad -- The new Governor of Punjab , retired Lt. Gen. Khalid Maqbool -LRB- winner of the Hilal-e-Imtiaz Military medal -RRB- , was born on 9 March 1948 .

A. , through its Montedison Acquisition N.V. indirect unit , began its $ 37-a-share tender offer for all the common shares outstanding of Erbamont N.V. , a maker of pharmaceuticals incorporated in the Netherlands .

Stock prices fell sharply in active trading .

At this ceremony , Seyed Mohammad Jalali Parvin , the managing director and a member of the board of directors of the Islamic Republic of Iran 's Law Enforcement Forces ' Cooperatives Foundation , presented some awards to the superior companies which had taken part at the exhibition .

August 10 , 1999 Mr. Caring Philanthropy 01234 Giving Way Contribution , USA 56789 Dear Mr. Philanthropy , `` The urgency you feel to make changes is just the extent that change will be made .

Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter .

The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics .

But President Chavez too is seriously damaged by his links to the groups of armed followers who left a score of dead in Thursday 's ! -LRB- 1 ! 1 April -RRB- crushing of the demonstrations .

ISTANBUL , Dec 21 -LRB- A. A -RRB- - Rauf Denktas , the President of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus -LRB- TRNC -RRB- said on Friday that Cyprus is wanted to be given as a gift to those who stole the Cyprus government by means of EU membership .

The company said on Friday it had already closed its representative office in Guangzhou city , southern China , and was in the process of closing another in Beijing .

The Zimbabwean veteran leader , who has been in power since the country gained independence from Britain in 1980 , was accompanied to the polling station at a school in the poor suburb of Highfield in the capital Harare by family members , including two children .

Nevertheless , this amounts to such high degree of Russian-American cooperation in a wartime situation , the two sides have never attained during the past 10 years .

She has more dangerous enemies at home than elsewhere .

The director-general of the Khrunichev center briefed the head of state on how the heavy Proton rocket-booster had been upgraded .

The two , along with Australian Prime Minister John Howard , are members of a Commonwealth panel charged with assessing the election and recommending possible action by the group against Zimbabwe .
	action-26	recommending-24	-dobj	possible-25 action-26 by-27 the-28 group-29 against-30 Zimbabwe-31 	recommending-24 
The -LRB- US -RRB- nationals were booked on an Uzbek Airlines flight from Ukraine to the USA .

In addition to Argentina there are other countries in crisis , such as Colombia and Venezuela .

Accompanying the president at the Khrunichev center are Deputy Prime Minister Ilya Klebanov , deputy chief of Presidential Administration , Sergey Prikhodko ; chief of staff , Anatoliy Kvashnin , presidential assistant , Yevgeniy Shaposhnikov , Deputy Defense Minister Aleksey Moskovskiy and Space Forces Commander Anatoliy Perminov .

Make our society better .

The government wants to set the stage for Norway to ratify the Kyoto Protocol next year .
	set-5	wants-3	-xcomp	to-4 set-5 the-6 stage-7 for-8 Norway-9 to-10 ratify-11 the-12 Kyoto-13 Protocol-14 next-15 year-16 	wants-3 
She told them she had not withdrawn such money and that she was the wife of a senior French diplomat .

A number of embassies here , including the American , French , German and Japanese , have issued advisories to their nationals warning them of risks when traveling in some parts of the country .

`` This is an unpredictable , anarchical situation .

All the world 's countries and peoples are affected by climate changes but it is the poor countries that are being hit the hardest .

Also , the opposition 's 57 members of parliament stayed away .

The government 's policy statement states , among other things , that the establishment of a national quota system should be speeded up .

But neither Itamaraty nor the Planalto Palace confirmed the president 's phone call to the governor of Cordoba .

The panel was scheduled to meet in London on Tuesday .

They did not take her ring and other pieces of jewelry .

The concern now is security .

Harare , March 17 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Despite Western pressure on him over his re-election victory , Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe was sworn in on Sunday as the country 's head of state to serve another six-year term .
	victory-17	pressure-11	-pobj-prep	his-15 re-election-16 victory-17 ,-18 Zimbabwean-19 President-20 Robert-21 Mugabe-22 	pressure-11 
The use of quotas will be a cost-effective means of achieving better results .

With your help , we can change that .

He added , `` This has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman and it is not designed , particularly , to take the company private .
	This-5	designed-17	-nsubj-conj	This-5 	is-15 not-16 designed-17 ,-18 particularly-19 
If you would like to find out more about the Big Sisters program , please call us , -LRB-317-RRB-�634-6102 and ask for Ellen Robinson .

The IHRC said that the international conference against racism in Durban , South Africa August 31-September 7 , 2001 was a turning point in the international campaign to honor human rights .
	conference-7	said-3	-nsubj-ccomp	the-5 international-6 conference-7 against-8 racism-9 in-10 Durban-11 	said-3 
Putin did not receive what he sought in a quick response from Washington , namely , that the State Department would continue to encourage political dialogue between Moscow and the Chechen insurgents .
	dialogue-26	encourage-24	-dobj	political-25 dialogue-26 between-27 Moscow-28 and-29 the-30 Chechen-31 insurgents-32 	encourage-24 
Recently , Lin added , the Republic of China government was about to eliminate the minimum wage requirement for foreign workers mainly due to pressure from the business sector .

The CFL 's participation in the meeting did not meet with any objection from Beijing , as it attended as an observer of a non-U.N. organization .

Analysts said Mugabe received much of his votes from the rural areas , where voter turnout was considered much higher than in towns and cities .
	Mugabe-3	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	Mugabe-3 	said-2 
Straw said Britain did `` not recognize the result or its legitimacy '' .
	result-9	said-2	-dobj-ccomp-ccomp	the-8 result-9 or-10 its-11 legitimacy-12 	said-2 	result-9	recognize-7	-dobj	the-8 result-9 or-10 its-11 legitimacy-12 	did-4 ``-5 not-6 recognize-7 	Britain-3	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	Britain-3 	said-2 
China releases the report every year in response to a US State Department report on global human rights conditions , which usually accuses China of widespread abuses .
	China-24	accuses-23	-dobj	China-24 	accuses-23 
Moscow time -LRB- 0520 GMT -RRB- on Friday .

Since then , she and I have grown very close and I have been able to experience lots of new things .

Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday .

At the rate syndicates are abducting targets -- regardless of their ethnic identity and their diplomatic status -- with impunity , the administration faces a more serious and direct challenge to its capacity to govern from the specter of lawlessness than from the daunting problem of sparking an economic recovery amid the global economic downturn .

The statement regretted that provisions of the international declaration for human rights have not been materialized .
	provisions-5	regretted-3	-nsubjpass-ccomp	provisions-5 of-6 the-7 international-8 declaration-9 for-10 human-11 rights-12 	regretted-3 
But Mr. Ackerman said the buy-back , and the above-market price paid , prove that Mr. Edelman is running scared .
	buy-back-6	said-4	-nsubj-ccomp	the-5 buy-back-6 	said-4 	buy-back-6	running-19	-nsubj-ccomp	the-5 buy-back-6 	running-19 scared-20 
SANDF spokesman General Chris Pepane said this was Nyanda 's first goodwill visit to China .

Although these are sovereign states , and the final decision would have been in their hands , people familiar with the actual balance of power indicate that these states would have done nothing , had Moscow wanted a different thing to happen .
	states-29	wanted-37	-nsubj-dep	these-28 states-29 	wanted-37 
The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives `` to maximize shareholder value , '' including the possible sale of the company .

The relief operation , which will involve some 900 troops , will begin on Saturday and last until 12 December , the Armed Forces ' press service pointed out .

Over 170 young people are still waiting for a mentor .

Norway and the other rich countries have a moral responsibility to achieve real reductions .

Thank you very much for your time , attention and consideration .

Feeling like a true ally , he was able to ask for a place for Russia almost inconspicuously - in NATO .

Denktas noted that there is no Cypriot nation in the island and there can ` t be a minority if there is no nation , stressing that he will launch efforts to make Cyprus a friendship bridge between Turkey and Greece .

`` I , Robert Gabriel Mugabe do swear that I will be faithful to the laws of the Republic of Zimbabwe , so help me God , '' said Mugabe who was flanked by first lady Grace .
	Mugabe-30	swear-8	-nsubj-ccomp	Mugabe-30 	do-7 swear-8 	Mugabe-30	faithful-13	-nsubj-ccomp-ccomp	Mugabe-30 	will-11 be-12 faithful-13 
The bottom line was also hit when management failed to rein in costs .

A spokeswoman said the insurer did not have a license to sell life insurance in China .

It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that fosters and supports the development of effective relationships , including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and support by a professional staff .

Your gift will enable CCI to provide these and other necessary services at a neighborhood level , face-to-face , where it counts .

The climate changes will be different from region to region .

The Turkish States and Communities Friendship , Brotherhood and Cooperation Congress started the same day .

UNIAN learned at the public relations department of the Ukrainian State Customs Service that Boryspil customs and Security Service of Ukraine officials discovered four transparent polyethylene bags with white powder during a customs inspection of two US nationals .

The diplomatic community 's perception of President Macapagal is that she is organized , knows her economics , does her homework , and has been unscathed by scandals that have been rubbed on her skin by a scandal-mongering opposition .
	economics-17	knows-15	-dobj	her-16 economics-17 	knows-15 
According to convoy chief Eusebio da Silva Ferreira , the convoy included 35 trucks , and it ferried 720 metric tons of corn , 623 metric tons of peas , and 157 metric tons of beans .

He retired from the Pakistan Army on 27 October 2001 and was nominated as the Governor of Punjab .

Zimbabwe 's incumbent President Robert Mugabe Saturday predicted victory in the country 's two - horse presidential race , saying that he will accept the outcome of the election because he will have defeated Morgan Tsvangirai of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- .
	outcome-26	accept-24	-dobj	the-25 outcome-26 of-27 the-28 election-29 	will-23 accept-24 
`` We wish them to give up their wish and policy to throw us from the island .
	them-4	wish-3	-dobj	them-4 	wish-3 
This perception is also fueled by the crime statistics of Ang-See , who represents the pessimistic outlook in contrast to the more dismissive outlook of the PNP whose statistics are less alarming than those of Ang-See .

The company said its industrial unit continues to face margin pressures and lower demand .

When Hong Kong was under British rule , the US navy made up to 65 port calls a year and Beijing had agreed the stopovers would continue after the territory returned to Chinese sovereignty .
	stopovers-25	agreed-23	-nsubj-ccomp	the-24 stopovers-25 	had-22 agreed-23 
But the need is still great .

He also gave the news about the holding of a similar exhibition by Iran and Russia in Moscow and hoped that the Iranian companies would present their equipment at this exhibition .

Concern has spread to Brazilian legislators .

Shivute also said the report carried a `` total confusion '' of historical data by claiming that the National Union of Namibian Workers -LRB- NUNW -RRB- was no longer affiliated to the Swapo Party .

Then President Joseph Estrada had to cancel visits to Paris and other European capitals in 2000 after he was told that he would receive a hostile reception from the European public over the lengthy impasse of negotiations for the hostages ' release .

Many had disappeared without trace .

International condemnation of Mugabe 's win mounted yesterday with US President George Bush and British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw delivering further criticism .

Leaders of the United States probably withheld their breath Monday evening while watching on television what Russian President Vladimir Putin was about to say to his people .

The last time such a request was turned down was in May last year following the collision of a US spy plane with a Chinese fighter jet in international air space over the South China Sea on April 1 , 2001 .

Koptev explained that the USA has suspended the ISS development program until a deficit of 4.7 bn dollars is paid off .

Accordingly , Russia has joined the anti-terrorist coalition of the United States virtually without reservation .

After detaining them for about two hours , they drove her and the driver to a squatters ' area and dropped them off near the Bicutan exit , but not before they took her necklace and wallet .

A recent study bypositive Public\ Ventures -LRB- PPV -RRB- showed that girls who had a Big Sister for just one year : reduced first-time drug use by 46 % lowered school absenteeism by 52 % cut violent behavior by 33 % enhanced school performance showed improved peer and family relationships Former Little Sister Amy , now 18-years old , is a testament to the Big Sisters program .

Just look at the range of services we offer : 70,0001 career assistance for youth Preschool for young children School Age Child Care for and children and youth Access services such as emergency and holiday assistance for all ages Adult Day Care for seniors Senior Case Management Aids Education for youth and adults Senior Social Involvement Computer Training for youth , adults and seniors Senior Nutrition meal program Day Care for young children Social Development and Recreation for children , youth and adults .

Between now and 2008 , the government 's environmental initiative will be given concrete form in a report to the Storting this spring , in which an early quota system will occupy a central place .

HIPPY -LRB- Home Instructional Program for Preschool Youngsters -RRB- for families .

GOVERNMENT yesterday trashed a US human rights report which lists a number of human rights violations in Namibia at the hands of security forces and Government .

Even if we can say with great certainty that climate changes will come , we need more knowledge about the effects .
	knowledge-18	say-5	-dobj-advcl	more-17 knowledge-18 about-19 the-20 effects-21 	say-5 with-6 great-7 certainty-8 	knowledge-18	need-16	-dobj	more-17 knowledge-18 about-19 the-20 effects-21 	need-16 
Also asking for help from the Turkish press , Denktas said that `` I ask for help from the press as I will negotiate for peace and compromise to solve Cyprus question .

For a minimum contribution of $ 250 , you become eligible for a 50 % Indiana state tax credit through the Indiana Department of Commerce Neighborhood Assistance Program -LRB- NAP -RRB- .

The move boosts Intelogic Chairman Asher Edelman 's stake to 20 % from 16.2 % and may help prevent Martin Ackerman from making a run at the computer-services concern .

The civilian opposition , which in the absence of political parties was organized around the employers ' organization and the trade unions , does not come out of it well either .

He passed the Infantry Officer 's Advanced Course and Senior International Defense Management Course from the United States .

Debatable decisions of his have caused a deep social polarization and brought him into confrontation with representative sectors of civil society , against which he used more demagogy than arguments .

While being transported to the police department of the Komi - Perm autonomous region on Thursday , Serdyuk escaped from a convoy of the Kochevo police department .

The reasoning behind this perception is that if the gangs were after ransom money , it did not matter whether their victims belonged to the diplomatic community .

The situation in which Putin has agreed to open former Soviet military airfields to American armed forces in three -LRB- former Soviet -RRB- Central Asian countries could be regarded as dramatic .
	open-9	agreed-7	-xcomp	open-9 former-10 Soviet-11 military-12 airfields-13 to-14 American-15 armed-16 forces-17 in-18 three-19 -LRB--20 former-21 Soviet-22 -RRB--23 Central-24 Asian-25 countries-26 	has-6 agreed-7 
These countries are Tajikistan , Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan .

Kiev , 22 February : Two US nationals were detained at Boryspil -LRB- Kiev international -RRB- airport while trying to carry 1 kg of heroin out of Ukraine .

North Norway will also get more precipitation in the fall but warmer temperatures in the winter .

Norway should be in the forefront of combating climate problems .

Chavez , who returned to power Sunday , promised Monday to invite a broad spectrum of Venezuelan society to participate in a dialogue on the country 's problems .
	invite-12	promised-9	-xcomp	invite-12 a-13 broad-14 spectrum-15 of-16 Venezuelan-17 society-18 to-19 participate-20 in-21 a-22 dialogue-23 on-24 the-25 country-26 	promised-9 
Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality volunteers .

Businesses that are obligated by a quota can then choose whether they want to buy those quotas they need or introduce measures to reduce emissions .
	buy-15	want-13	-xcomp	to-14 buy-15 those-16 quotas-17 they-18 need-19 or-20 introduce-21 measures-22 to-23 reduce-24 emissions-25 	want-13 
`` We want to make sure that blacks play a meaningful role in the economy , and we will do that through the land reforms , '' said Mugabe .
	make-5	want-3	-xcomp	to-4 make-5 sure-6 that-7 blacks-8 play-9 a-10 meaningful-11 role-12 in-13 the-14 economy-15 	want-3 	Mugabe-29	want-3	-nsubj-ccomp	Mugabe-29 	want-3 	Mugabe-29	said-28	-nsubj	Mugabe-29 	said-28 	play-9	make-5	-ccomp	blacks-8 play-9 a-10 meaningful-11 role-12 in-13 the-14 economy-15 	make-5 sure-6 
In 1998 , Big Sisters served 972 young people through its many programs .

PSDB -LRB- Brazilian Social Democracy Party -RRB- President Jose Anibal -LRB- Sao Paulo -RRB- said that Cardoso has already placed himself at the disposal of the Argentine Government to talk to international financial institutions .

From my own sources in the diplomatic community , as well as in the Philippine National Police , the diplomat 's wife and her driver went to the French school in Bicutan at around 10 a.m. , in response to a call from school authorities who reported that her son had some accident .

The aim of this aid is to reduce the shortages faced by local population .

Tehran , Dec 9 , IRNA -- Tehran-based Islamic Human Rights Commission -LRB- IHRC -RRB- on Sunday expressed concern about return of the period in which force and weapon had the last say in international relations .

His stature in Africa and his stand on Zimbabwe 's future bring hope for African economic renewal and greater democracy .

This is because of the high costs involved , and the poor conditions of the local landing strip .

Pursue the international climate negotiations .
	negotiations-5	Pursue-1	-dobj	the-2 international-3 climate-4 negotiations-5 	Pursue-1 
But making this complex decision was not easy for him .

At the start of the meeting , the US said it would promote research and development into climate change .
	it-11	said-10	-nsubj-ccomp	it-11 	said-10 
`` The political warning must be heeded .

At the dinner attended by Aznar and De la Rua , who both also took part in the inauguration of the Second International Congress of the Spanish Language in Valladolid -LRB- center -RRB- that day , Spanish Economy Minister Rodrigo Rato , Interior Minister Mariano Rajoy , and Foreign Minister Josep Pique were also present .

Regardless of what Norway and other countries manage to do in this respect , we must prepare ourselves for climate changes .

He argued that had the West not continued to keep alive during the past several years the Cold War stereotype of a threat from the East , but would have concentrated instead on terrorism , the common enemy , the twin towers of New York may not have collapsed .

Its total weight was about 1 kg .

I am very thankful to the Big Sisters program for allowing me this very special opportunity .

CCI is a federation of 13 neighborhood-based multi-service centers -LRB- plus one affiliate -RRB- whose mission is to identify and meet the human service needs of the greater Indianapolis community in the most effective , efficient and comprehensive way possible .

During arrests and detentions , security force members reportedly tortured and beat citizens who were suspected of complicity with Unita , '' the report says .

This mechanism can already be used-and before 2008 , too .

Without the rule of law and fair elections in Africa , no amount of aid can help it .

The army announced this on Friday -LRB- 23 November -RRB- .

It is time for the former officer to rethink , to set priorities , to understand that the Cuban model no longer works even for Havana , to give up , as he has promised , revanchism and to understand that Venezuela is a Western country where there is no reason for it to be impossible to improve the fate of the Venezuelans and eradicate the eternal scourge of corruption , within a framework comparable to that of the rest of the world .

However , through the protests of local labor groups , foreign laborers ' working rights were protected , bringing extra attention to the power of Taiwan labor groups .

The today revived president will have to tackle the future with different methods .

`` Cardoso told De la Sota that the images of the protests at the Plaza de Mayo show a country on the verge of a civil war , '' one of the channel 's journalists commented .
	images-9	told-3	-nsubj-ccomp	the-8 images-9 of-10 the-11 protests-12 	told-3 
But main stream Russian military policy has been to keep a distance from America , the country that has been historically responsible for `` educating '' the Taliban that had caused the demise of Soviet occupation forces in Afghanistan .

March 22 -LRB- Interfax-AVN -RRB- - A habitual criminal who escaped from a convoy and started a shootout in the Perm region overnight to Friday has surrendered to the police , a spokesman for the main police department in the Volga federal district told Interfax-Military News Agency on Friday .

People are questioning corporate profits as a pillar of support for the equity market .
	profits-5	questioning-3	-dobj	corporate-4 profits-5 	are-2 questioning-3 
The repercussions in the home governments and countries are as damaging as the prolonged hostage-taking by the Abu Sayyaf of French , German , Malaysian , Lebanese and Finnish nationals during the Estrada administration .

Mr. Mbeki may still hope that , despite his joining the West in criticizing Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe , he can work with his troubled neighbor to prevent more violence , keep the economy from collapsing , and find some political compromise .
	Mugabe-18	criticizing-14	-dobj	Zimbabwean-15 leader-16 Robert-17 Mugabe-18 	in-13 criticizing-14 
But the latest events reveal that his popularity had not collapsed .

The dollar rose modestly against most major currencies .

The upgrading and especially the last part - the boosting unit - have made it possible `` to surge on the foreign market '' and provided for a great economic and commercial effect from the launch of an upgraded Proton rocket-booster , said Medvedev .

At the ceremony , which was held in the presence of some security and government officials as well as a large number of foreign ambassadors and military attaches from 15 foreign countries , the participants praised those companies which emerged superior at the exhibition .
	companies-38	praised-36	-dobj	those-37 companies-38 which-39 emerged-40 superior-41 at-42 the-43 exhibition-44 	praised-36 
Any step backward for democracy on the continent would be a disaster .

We do n't need al-Qaida terrorist attacks in this country to bring the government down in turmoil , create uncertainties in the business community , and frighten tourists and investors away .

After Putin 's statement they rubbed their palms at length .

`` The government wants to point to a significant reduction of climate gate emissions before 2005 after Norway has ratified the Kyoto Protocol in the course of the year , '' Environmental Protection Minister Borge Brende has written .
	point-6	wants-4	-xcomp	to-5 point-6 to-7 a-8 significant-9 reduction-10 of-11 climate-12 gate-13 emissions-14 	wants-4 
SRI reported that Swiss Life decided to pull out of the Chinese market earlier this year .

Violent attacks at the Argentine legislature sounded alarm bells in the Brazilian political arena , to the point that senators of the official and opposition parties defended more concrete support from the Brazilian Government for Argentina .

According to the director , it is this rocket booster that launches almost all of Russia 's military and civilian satellites into space .

On the way , a group of about six armed men in uniforms blocked her brand-new car -LRB- which had no diplomatic plate -RRB- at Better Living Subdivision , Paranaque , and boarded it .

They should not condemn us with lies and by deceiving the world , `` he said .

Touching on the importance of modern technology in preventing and reducing crimes in society , Parvin also thanked the active participation of local and foreign companies at Iran 's First International Police and Security Equipment exhibition .

In recent years the RegClim research project , under the aegis of the Norwegian Research Council , has worked to estimate the way the climate will develop in Norway in 30 to 50 years .

Africa is for Africans , '' said Mugabe .
	Mugabe-8	said-7	-nsubj	Mugabe-8 	said-7 	Africa-1	said-7	-nsubj-ccomp	Africa-1 	said-7 
Her hoses have to be directed at internal terrorism .

We thank you for your consideration , and look forward to hearing from you .

Latin America is no longer important because the focus now is on global security and no longer on the international economic order .

The statement deplored the injustice against the Palestinian nation and violation of human rights of political activists , journalists , the religious minorities , the children and women in some parts of the world .
	injustice-5	deplored-3	-dobj	the-4 injustice-5 against-6 the-7 Palestinian-8 nation-9 and-10 violation-11 of-12 human-13 rights-14 of-15 political-16 activists-17 	deplored-3 
The green development mechanism under the Kyoto Protocol opens the way for businesses from industrialized countries to pay for the introduction of more environmentally-friendly technology in polluting industries in developing countries .

But that ambition would be fully tested at the ballot box this weekend .

The IHRC called for prohibition of discrimination , torture , arbitrary detention and honoring the human rights , political rights , the rights of associations , the women 's rights as well as the rights envisaged in the international declaration for human rights as recommended by the divine religions several centuries ago .
	envisaged-36	recommended-45	-advcl	the-34 rights-35 envisaged-36 in-37 the-38 international-39 declaration-40 for-41 human-42 rights-43 	recommended-45 
While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % .
	growth-7	have-5	-dobj	growth-7 to-8 be-9 a-10 little-11 slower-12 	would-4 have-5 preferred-6 	they-14	cheered-16	-nsubjpass	growth-7 to-8 be-9 a-10 little-11 slower-12 ,-13 they-14 	were-15 cheered-16 
Criticisms of Chavez 's governance have been widespread in the democratic world , above all in the past year , in which he has taken to visiting dictators like Castro or Saddam Husayn and writing to terrorists like the famous Carlos , instead of meeting his promises of prosperity and fair shares .
	shares-52	promises-47	-pobj-prep	prosperity-49 and-50 fair-51 shares-52 	promises-47 
The possibility of cooperating with other countries ' early quota systems .

For later periods , sharper reductions are necessary and there is also the need to get more countries to take on climate obligations .

In the Sem statement the coalition government warned of a more offensive climate policy .
	policy-14	warned-8	-pobj-prep	a-10 more-11 offensive-12 climate-13 policy-14 	warned-8 
Make a world worthy of the children that your generation will bear .

Sunday 's inauguration ceremony was boycotted by EU countries , the US and some members of the Commonwealth .

In the 1971 Pak-India war , he served in an infantry regiment at the Kashmir front .

Financiere de Paribas at 1,850 French francs -LRB- $ 297 -RRB- a share .

During his career , he remained as Brigadier of the Infantry Division and a Corps Commander .

Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Turkmenistan , TRNC , autonomous federal states namely Altay , Bashkortostan , Chuvashia , Khakassia , Gagauz Place , Chechnia , Crimea , Saha , Tatarstan , Tuva , and Turks living in Romania , Bulgaria , Macedonia , Kosovo , Western Thrace , the U.S. , Europe , Middle East and Afghanistan attended the meeting which was held under the auspices of former Turkish President Suleyman Demirel .

Lin told CNA that the CFL gained high appraisal in its efforts to protect the rights of Thai , Filipino , Indonesian and Vietnamese workers in Taiwan .

He has one daughter .

He was detained in March 2002 once again .

Putin has written the name of Moscow on the registration page of the American side .

Since the members of the diplomatic community had previously been immune from the predatory attacks of the gang , the abduction of the diplomat 's wife naturally has generated anxieties among foreign governments about how safe their diplomats are in this country .

The details of the crime and the swift release are less important than the political implications .

He is a law graduate from the Punjab University .

The ZANU-PF government denied rigging the election , saying Mugabe won on the strength of the appeal of ZANU-PF 's land policy .
	rigging-5	denied-4	-xcomp	rigging-5 the-6 election-7 	denied-4 	Mugabe-10	saying-9	-dobj	Mugabe-10 	saying-9 
`` Thanks to the people , our people and the people of Africa for this joint effort in rejecting this neocolonial attempt .

True , Putin only permitted -LRB- Americans -RRB- to deliver via Russian airspace aid to the `` theater of the anti-terrorism military operations , '' -LRB- i.e. not soldiers and weapons -RRB- .

However , the MDC dismissed the possibility of participation in such an arrangement .
	possibility-7	dismissed-5	-dobj	the-6 possibility-7 of-8 participation-9 in-10 such-11 an-12 arrangement-13 	dismissed-5 
The western part of Norway will experience the markedly greatest increase in precipition in the fall .

Lin and his delegation are scheduled to return home Sept. 1 after the quadrennial meeting .

The fire is raging at home , these sources say , not in the United States , China , Japan or Afghanistan .

Two PM pistols were found at the site .

`` There were deaths in custody .

He wanted to become an ally , and that 's what he has become .
	become-4	wanted-2	-xcomp	to-3 become-4 an-5 ally-6 	wanted-2 
Chief Justice Godfrey Chidyausiku presided over the swearing-in ceremony , which was witnessed by leaders of some other African countries , including Malawian President Bakili Muluzi , Namibian President Sam Nujoma , Democratic Republic of the Congo President Joseph Kabila , Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano , Tanzanian President Benjamin Mukapa , South African Vice-President Jacob Zuma , Zambian Vice-President Enock Kavendele .

The car was stopped near the Krasnokamsk village , the shootout started , and Serdyuk escaped in a forest .

Each right entitles the shareholder to buy $ 100 face amount of 13.5 % bonds due 1993 and warrants to buy 23.5 common shares at 30 cents a share .

The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 39.55 points , to 2613.73 , in active trading .

In his campaign for re-election , the Zimbabwean leader repeatedly accused Britain and its Western allies of trying to re-assert neocolonial rule in Zimbabwe , and the region , by installing a compliant opposition party in power .
	Britain-12	accused-11	-dobj	Britain-12 and-13 its-14 Western-15 allies-16 	repeatedly-10 accused-11 
Hallwood , a Cleveland merchant bank , owns about 11 % of Integra .

But the seizure of the diplomat 's wife and her driver was the first time in 10 years that the gangs struck at members of the diplomatic community , whose immunity has been somehow respected by organized syndicates .

One can not underestimate the significance of the fact that Russia has opened its airspace .

The gunmen let her go .

If we view this warning against the background that Putin 's government has always seen Usama Bin Ladin 's hands behind `` Chechen terrorism , '' we were witnessing a late recognition of Moscow 's views .

Beijing has twice summoned the US ambassador for dressings down over the issue , while a state-controlled newspaper reported last week that China was preparing to cancel naval exchanges with the United States in retaliation .

It amounted to much more than what one could have expected .

maker of fasteners also said it expects to post sales in the current fiscal year that are `` slightly above '' fiscal 1989 sales of $ 155 million .
	post-9	expects-7	-xcomp	to-8 post-9 sales-10 in-11 the-12 current-13 fiscal-14 year-15 that-16 are-17 ``-18 slightly-19 above-20 	expects-7 
Their courageous stand will help renew a promise by leading industrialized nations to provide more aid , trade , and investment only if Africa shows better governance and democracy .
	shows-25	renew-6	-advcl	Africa-24 shows-25 better-26 governance-27 and-28 democracy-29 	renew-6 a-7 promise-8 
An offensive climate police will bring costs with it .

has agreed to exercise any rights that are n't exercised by other shareholders .
	exercise-4	agreed-2	-xcomp	to-3 exercise-4 any-5 rights-6 that-7 	has-1 agreed-2 	rights-6	exercised-10	-rcmod	any-5 rights-6 that-7 	are-8 n't-9 exercised-10 
There is a strong perception in the diplomatic community that the abduction was a fake kidnap-for - ransom and was a political act to demonstrate the administration 's incapacity to put crime under control .
	abduction-12	perception-5	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj	the-11 abduction-12 	strong-4 perception-5 
There are a lot more downward revisions of earnings forecasts than upward revisions , '' said Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert .

This grand bargain to uplift the world 's poorest continent would have been in jeopardy if Thabo Mbeki , south Africa 's president , and Olusegun Obasanjo , Nigeria 's president , had not agreed to suspend Zimbabwe from the 54-nation group of former British colonies known as the Commonwealth .

Analysts have complained that third-quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good , but the effect hit home particularly hard yesterday .

Tension has risen sharply in Zimbabwe in recent months , after long and sometimes violent election campaigns .

The head of the Spanish Government , Jose Maria Aznar , told Argentine President Fernando de la Rua that Spain has absolute confidence in Argentina 's economy , and that Madrid has placed a `` strategic bet '' on Argentina overcoming its economic crisis , said official sources in Spain .

'' Shivute said Namibia attached `` little value '' to the latest US rights report as it carried a lot of factual inaccuracies and was a `` mere reproduction of unverified and unsubstantiated reports '' .
	report-15	said-3	-ccomp-ccomp	the-11 latest-12 US-13 rights-14 report-15 	said-3 	report-15	attached-5	-ccomp	the-11 latest-12 US-13 rights-14 report-15 	attached-5 ``-6 little-7 
It also cites cases of arbitrary deprivation of life , disappearance of people , torture and other cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , arbitrary arrest , and denial of a fair public hearing .

I am pleased that there now seems to be broad political consensus that in Norway as well we should get under way with an early quota system .

Implementation of the Kyoto Protocol .

The US government report on Namibia 's human rights practices for 2001 , released this week , says members of the security forces committed several extra-judicial killings during security operations in the Kavango and Caprivi Regions during 2001 .

Some diplomats raise questions about her priorities .
	priorities-7	questions-4	-pobj-prep	her-6 priorities-7 	raise-3 questions-4 
The Spanish leader also took advantage of the occasion to tell the Argentine head of state about his last telephone conversation -- which took place on Monday -LRB- 15 October -RRB- -- with US President George W. Bush , regarding the progress of military operations in Afghanistan .

Denktas said that they are ready to live together with Greek Cypriots in the island , adding that they don ` t have the will to send Greek Cypriots from the island .

Their endorsement of yet another type of diplomatic isolation of Zimbabwe shows solidarity with the West .
	type-6	endorsement-2	-pobj-prep	another-5 type-6 of-7 diplomatic-8 isolation-9 of-10 Zimbabwe-11 	endorsement-2 
It also accused Washington of `` wantonly infringing '' on the sovereignty of other nations through military operations and stationing US forces overseas , Xinhua said .
	Washington-4	accused-3	-dobj	Washington-4 	accused-3 
Taken together , the worries prompted a broad sell-off of stocks .

Beijing opposes Taiwan 's participation in any international organization in which sovereignty is a prerequisite .
	participation-5	opposes-2	-dobj	Taiwan-3 's-4 participation-5 in-6 any-7 international-8 organization-9 in-10 which-11 sovereignty-12 	opposes-2 
Whether the incident was plain holdup , as the PNP would like to see it , the abduction reinforced the growing perception in the diplomatic community and foreign governments that there is a breakdown in law and order and that the Macapagal administration is not in control .

No ransom was paid .

Retorted Shivute : `` The same and worse happened in the United States after the September 11 attacks and with the war in Afghanistan where special camps were built to detain prisoners of war and ` enemies ' of the state .

BEIJING , April 16 -LRB- AFP -RRB- -- China Tuesday welcomed Venezuela 's return to political stability and expressed support for President Hugo Chavez 's promise for a dialogue on national reconciliation following his return to power after a coup .
	return-14	welcomed-11	-dobj	Venezuela-12 's-13 return-14 to-15 political-16 stability-17 	welcomed-11 
This gives us a special responsibility in climate policy-not least vis-a-vis the poorest countries .

The offer is being launched pursuant to a previously announced agreement between the companies .

In one of the workshops , he was told in detail about manned and unmanned spacecraft .

SA National Defense Force -LRB- SANDF -RRB- chief General Siphiwe Nyanda has left for China , SABC radio news reported on Sunday .

Because of these problems , the WFP has not been able to provide all the necessary assistance to people in need , who are estimated to total more than 460,000 .

The dollar soared against the pound , which was at $ 1.5765 compared with $ 1.6145 Wednesday .

Measures about emissions-how much all of those obligated by a quota can emit .

That is another small encouragement for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in coming weeks , they reasoned .

Many of the continent 's other governments found little fault with the way Mugabe ran the election , despite overwhelming evidence of voter intimidation and manipulation of polls .

Many countries , among them Denmark , Great Britain , and Sweden , are already under way developing early quota systems .

He told thousands of cheering supporters that `` land reforms must proceed with greater speed and strength '' to shore up the economy , badly battered by years of political instability .

The company ran into trouble after an expansion drive cut into profits .

The European Union imposed sanctions on Mugabe and 19 of his close associates last month , while the United States took the same move , accusing Mugabe of violating human rights and cracking down on the opposition , the media and judiciary .
	Mugabe-27	accusing-26	-dobj	Mugabe-27 	accusing-26 	took-21	accusing-26	-dep	the-18 United-19 States-20 took-21 the-22 same-23 move-24 	accusing-26 
Arms were confiscated from him , the spokesman said .

The statement said that several hundred documents have been signed to promote human rights and different cultures have put forward their outlooks about human rights and envisaged measures to stop violation of human rights .
	rights-25	put-19	-pobj-prep	human-24 rights-25 and-26 envisaged-27 measures-28 to-29 stop-30 violation-31 of-32 human-33 rights-34 	put-19 forward-20 their-21 outlooks-22 
Everything depends on how long it takes for Peronism to burn out and new leadership to emerge , '' Sader said .

Brazil can not stand by with its hands folded just watching all of this , '' Genoino affirmed .

In his inauguration speech shortly after he was sworn in as president , Mugabe vowed to continue with his government 's controversial land reform program .
	continue-17	vowed-15	-xcomp	to-16 continue-17 with-18 his-19 government-20 's-21 controversial-22 land-23 reform-24 program-25 	vowed-15 
Not only did I have a lot of fun with my Big Sister , but I learned a lot from her too .

But now that he 's cornered by the international community with many types of isolation - including opprobrium from two of his African peers - he has lashed out by charging opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai with trying to kill him .

He received his Masters of Science degree in the war wing from the National Defense College .

He said the program , under which the government was taking over idle farms from white farmers , who own the bulk of Zimbabwe 's arable land , to resettle landless blacks , would form the centerpiece of his efforts to revive the economy .
	program-4	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 program-4 	said-2 
At this ceremony , the Iranian Sa-Iran , Ava-e Nasr-e Novin and Mahan Industry companies as well as foreign companies from Russia , Britain , and the Netherlands received awards as the superior companies at the exhibition .

San Antonio , Texas , said it bought 2.7 million shares , or about 18 % , of its common stock from an unaffiliated shareholder for $ 3.625 a share , or $ 9.9 million .

In all , since the first launch of Proton in 1965 , according to Medvedev , 284 launches of this rocket have been made , all from the Baykonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .

In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday .

The challenge will be to introduce the most cost-effective climate policy possible and at the same time take Norwegian business and industry 's competitiveness into consideration .

One of them was after the Chinese embassy in Yugoslavia was bombed , killing three people , in the US-led NATO air campaign three years ago .

Norway still wants to play an active role in this process .
	play-5	wants-3	-xcomp	play-5 an-6 active-7 role-8 in-9 this-10 process-11 	still-2 wants-3 
The MDC party rejected the voting results , claiming the government rigged the poll in favor of incumbent President Mugabe .
	results-7	rejected-4	-dobj	the-5 voting-6 results-7 	rejected-4 
Lt. General -LRB- Retd -RRB- Khalid Maqbool was the defense and military attache at the Pakistani Embassy in the United States for two and a half years .

A quota is a right to emit a certain quantity of climate gases during a certain period and this right can be sold on a market .

The bags were not declared during verbal questioning in the `` green channel '' .

He also assessed the achievements of the exhibition as very useful and satisfactory , hoping that the police and security forces would be equipped with the latest and most modern technology so that they can expedite their activities in their campaign against crimes .
	achievements-5	assessed-3	-dobj	the-4 achievements-5 of-6 the-7 exhibition-8 	assessed-3 
However , the program has drawn sharp international rebuke , particularly from former colonial power Britain , but Mugabe has vowed to press ahead with the reforms .
	press-23	vowed-21	-xcomp	press-23 ahead-24 with-25 the-26 reforms-27 	has-20 vowed-21 
The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts .

In Home Services for adults and seniors .

The meeting was the first between the two countries since President George Bush unveiled a new US plan calling for voluntary limits on greenhouse gas emissions based on economic growth rather than mandatory targets .

Calling on the representatives of the Turkish world who attended the congress , Denktas said that Turkish Cypriots are not minority in the island and representatives should explain this fact in every place which they visit .

We do n't know where it will go , against whom .

The Argentine TV station Todo Noticias -LRB- `` All News '' -RRB- reported yesterday that President Fernando Henrique Cardoso on Saturday night telephoned Cordoba Province Governor Jose Manuel de la Sota , of the Justicialist Party -LRB- PJ -RRB- -- who once served as ambassador to Brazil -- to voice his concern over incidents in the country .

There exists the potential for significant reductions in climate gas emissions in Norway that will not produced with today 's resources .

Mugabe said Zimbabwe needed their continued support against what he called hostile international attention .

The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year rose fractionally .

Fines for exceeding the quota limit .

Since 1992 when organized crime became a leading preoccupation in the national agenda , the main victims of the predatory syndicates have been Ang-See 's compatriots in the Chinese-Filipino community .

MDC leader Tsvangirai said pre-election violence prevented his party from campaigning in rural areas , the stronghold of the ruling party , and that thousands of his supporters in towns were disenfranchised when they failed to vote because authorities reduced polling centers in urban areas .

Mbeki and other African leaders need to press Mr. Mugabe to stop his repression and to not take farmland from whites without just compensation .
	Mugabe-10	press-8	-nsubj-ccomp	Mr.-9 Mugabe-10 	to-7 press-8 
TEHRAN The concluding ceremony of the First International Police and Security Equipment Exhibition was held last Thursday , the exhibition 's Public Relations Office said in a statement .

HONG KONG , March 26 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - China has disallowed a routine port call in Hong Kong for an American naval vessel , a spokeswoman for the US consulate said Tuesday .
	call-16	disallowed-12	-dobj	a-13 routine-14 port-15 call-16 in-17 Hong-18 Kong-19 for-20 an-21 American-22 naval-23 vessel-24 	has-11 disallowed-12 
There were two other similar episodes of permission being denied before that since the 1997 handover of the former British colony to China .

It had to do with Chechnya .

Senator Heloisa Helena -LRB- Workers Party -- Alagoas -RRB- said that Latin American countries should always join together to speak with international economic institutions , in order to maintain autonomy in their economies : `` Now we see what happens when one country abdicates its financial autonomy .
	countries-14	said-10	-nsubj-ccomp	Latin-12 American-13 countries-14 	said-10 
The controversial land reform is the pillar of Mugabe 's electoral strategy , which political analysts say could work either way .
	strategy-12	say-17	-rcmod	Mugabe-9 's-10 electoral-11 strategy-12 	say-17 
No casualties were registered among policemen .

The consensus that has been achieved internationally about the period 2008-2012 is just the first step down the road .

Japan says it still intends to ratify the Kyoto protocol .
	ratify-7	says-2	-nsubj-nsubj-ccomp	ratify-7 the-8 Kyoto-9 protocol-10 	says-2 	it-3	says-2	-nsubj-ccomp	it-3 	says-2 	ratify-7	intends-5	-xcomp	ratify-7 the-8 Kyoto-9 protocol-10 	intends-5 
Bond prices were barely higher .

Information Permanent Secretary Mocks Shivute responded that the US government was the worst human rights violator in the world .

He said those who thought the election process would be rigged were supporters of the MDC party , adding that they were prejudging and wanted to direct the process .
	process-8	thought-5	-nsubjpass-ccomp	the-6 election-7 process-8 	thought-5 
In Mugabe 's view , the March election is a new chapter in his long struggle against colonial rule , which he led from the early 1960s until the country 's independence .

Cuito , 25 Jan -LRB- Angop -RRB- - A road convoy which came in from Benguela Province carrying 1,500 metric tons of assorted goods arrived in the city of Cuito , the capital of Bie Province , on Tuesday -LRB- 22 Jan -RRB- .

But the downside is that the deterioration of peace and order is her nemesis that is undoing all her diplomatic initiatives in the world stage to project the Philippines as a staunch ally in the US-led coalition in the war on international terrorism .

`` The call to all of us , whether in the ruling party or in the opposition , is that we unite and come together as one people .

Long-term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher .

The report to the Storting that the government is preparing for the spring will further specify which measures will be implemented between now and 2008 .

Zimbabwe 's top judge , who was dressing in British-style scarlet and black robes and shoulder-length horsehair judicial wigs , bedecked Mugabe with a red sash of office .
	Mugabe-22	bedecked-21	-dobj	Mugabe-22 	bedecked-21 
Nearly 500,000 people have been resettled since the beginning of last year .

The company 's stock fell $ 1.125 to $ 13.625 in over-the-counter trading yesterday .

Meanwhile , in another development , the Geneva-based United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson called on Israel to stop bombing the Palestinian targets in the West Bank and Gaza Strip and allow in international monitors .
	stop-22	called-18	-xcomp	Israel-20 to-21 stop-22 bombing-23 the-24 Palestinian-25 targets-26 in-27 the-28 West-29 Bank-30 and-31 Gaza-32 Strip-33 	called-18 on-19 
He hinted at a tougher policy against Mugabe , saying that the European Union would review sanctions at an upcoming summit meeting in Barcelona , Spain .

Mugabe , who is from the ruling Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front -LRB- ZANU-PF -RRB- , won last weekend 's presidential election by polling 1,685,212 against his closest rival Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change -LRB- MDC -RRB- who polled 1,262,401 votes .

Africa 's two richest and most powerful nations , South Africa and Nigeria , decided to punish Zimbabwe on Tuesday for a flawed presidential vote .
	Zimbabwe-18	punish-17	-dobj	Zimbabwe-18 	decided-15 to-16 punish-17 	vote-25	punish-17	-pobj-prep	presidential-24 vote-25 	decided-15 to-16 punish-17 
Geneva , May 10 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- The insurer Swiss Life has pulled the plug on its planned expansion in China , preferring to concentrate on its core European markets , according to a report by Swiss Radio International -LRB- SRI -RRB- .

This our conscience ought not to permit us .

Last month , it announced it was cutting 800 jobs worldwide as part of a recovery plan .

Pointing to the presence of Interpol officers and the representatives , ambassadors and military attaches from different countries , including Russia , Saudi Arabia , Slovakia and Italy , Parvin said despite the fact that it was the first exhibition of its kind in Iran , it was extensively welcomed by many companies .

During that conversation , Bush and Aznar also spoke about the situation in Argentina , the Spanish president told De la Rua .

`` I expect the Turkish world to resist to that as much as Turkey does and to act consciously to defend the law and justice , `` he said .
	world-6	expect-3	-dobj	the-4 Turkish-5 world-6 to-7 resist-8 to-9 that-10 as-11 much-12 as-13 Turkey-14 does-15 and-16 to-17 act-18 consciously-19 to-20 defend-21 the-22 law-23 and-24 justice-25 	expect-3 
There is consensus that a broad quota system with international quota exchange should be used to achieve our emission responsibilities during the first obligatory period , 2008-2012 .
	system-8	is-2	-nsubjpass-ccomp	a-5 broad-6 quota-7 system-8 with-9 international-10 quota-11 exchange-12 	is-2 consensus-3 
A strike this week by the country 's trade unions protesting the government 's tactics reflects widespread disgust with Mugabe .
	tactics-15	protesting-11	-dobj	the-12 government-13 's-14 tactics-15 	protesting-11 
The report by the Information Office of the State Council , China 's Cabinet , listed evidence of police abuses , poverty , racial discrimination and lack of personal safety in the United States , the official Xinhua news agency said .

Putin has exceeded the `` positive neutrality policy '' his country -LRB- the Soviet Union at the time -RRB- has pursued during the Gulf War , and whose continued validity the military leaders also regarded as desirable .

Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full of hope and with a positive outlook .
	go-7	preparing-5	-xcomp	go-7 back-8 to-9 school-10 this-11 fall-12 	are-4 preparing-5 
The main conclusions were that the trend toward warmer weather and more precipitation will presumably continue .
	trend-7	conclusions-3	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj	the-6 trend-7 toward-8 warmer-9 weather-10 and-11 more-12 precipitation-13 	conclusions-3 
The hijackers asked them for money -- one million pesos was mentioned -- which she had supposedly withdrawn from the bank .

We often hear about economic poverty , but what some of these young people are growing up with is emotional poverty-they have often given up on hope and the possibility of a successful future .

Norway is one of the countries in this world that has earned the most from fossil fuels .

He became the Chairman of the National Accountability Bureau on 26 September 2000 .

A limited number of credits are available .

A quick study of the substance , performed by the police , revealed that the powder was heroin .

Do not play it safe .

In the end , a certain consideration that differed from the above two proved to be decisive .

At the State House , where the ceremony was held , thousands of ZANU-PF supporters in clothing emblazoned with Mugabe 's portrait , were singing and dancing to celebrate his victory , with a hope that Mugabe will finally deliver on his promises to give them the land currently owned by the country 's white minority .
	victory-31	celebrate-29	-dobj	his-30 victory-31 	were-24 singing-25 and-26 dancing-27 to-28 celebrate-29 
He told journalists after casting his ballot that he was more than confident of winning the election .
	election-17	winning-15	-dobj	the-16 election-17 	was-10 more-11 than-12 confident-13 of-14 winning-15 
`` We appreciate the return to stability of Venezuela 's domestic situation , '' foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said .
	return-5	appreciate-3	-dobj	the-4 return-5 to-6 stability-7 of-8 Venezuela-9 's-10 domestic-11 situation-12 	appreciate-3 
Sergei Serdyuk , 32 , was convicted several times on charges of theft , assault amd car hijacking .

