Here , in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .

Fixing the problem may require not just accounting savvy , but also deft diplomacy .

We want you to Know why your support of Goodwill is so important .

The situation has escalated wildly since the election .

And now he doggedly continues to demolish and prevent any hope of a road to peaceful coexistence .

To this end , Aznar and Prodi report that only the internal ratification processes in each of the member states have now to be concluded and they emphasize that these are at an advanced stage and in some cases have been completed .

Dennett envisions evolution as a sequence of kinds of construction cranes that bit by bit build up higher-order entities via variation and natural selection .

From the fact that Hitler set out to conquer Europe and more and to kill Jewry , we can not deduce that he ought to have done so .

In assessing how the agency might fare under O'Keefe , some analysts say it could blossom , as it did in its Apollo-program heyday under another numbers guy , James Webb .
	it-14	say-13	-nsubj-ccomp	it-14 	say-13 
He went to the Center Township Trustee for food stamps until he could find a job and a place to live .

That was particularly because his policies enjoyed widespread support among regional countries .
	enjoyed-7	support-9	-dobj	his-5 policies-6 enjoyed-7 	widespread-8 support-9 
It is wrong to kill .

Those means of making a living that were well searched out and mastered by the agents and their search procedures became the kinds of `` jobs '' that were widely filled , the abundant niches of the bio-sphere .

So , a short soliloquy .

Therefore , the ouster of the Chavez government was an effective solution .

Guangzhou , October 22 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- A forum on the WTO -LRB- the World Trade Organization -RRB- and the Chinese economy was held here Monday .

Since President Bush envisions using all options , however , we can not deny the possibility that the United States may take military actions .
	possibility-16	envisions-4	-dobj-advcl	the-15 possibility-16 	envisions-4 	possibility-16	deny-14	-dobj	the-15 possibility-16 	can-12 not-13 deny-14 	States-20	deny-14	-nsubj-ccomp	the-18 United-19 States-20 	can-12 not-13 deny-14 
Official FSB sources in Moscow , when asked by Interfax , declined to make any comments .

And , with your assistance , Goodwill can help employers develop resources to keep workers on the job .

I know that the moon is they tell me not made of green cheese .

The know-how is , in these terms , nothing but another view of the propagating closures of catalysis , work tasks , sensing , recording , and acting that we now recognize as inherent in the doings of autonomous agents .

They gave the entire stack to Investigating Magistrate Patrick Collignon .

`` Whereas the Kesas report , submitted after a public inquiry , earned the disdain and wrath of the Prime Minister -LRB- Dr Mahathir Mohamad -RRB- who summarily dismissed it as a product of ` western biased ' , '' he said during a press conference at the Selangor Chinese Assembly Hall in Kuala Lumpur .
	it-30	dismissed-29	-dobj	it-30 	dismissed-29 
The know-how is not outside that propagating organization .

Claiming that there was `` nothing personal '' , the NGOs said their concern was based on his defense of the 1987 ` Ops Lalang ' where more than 100 people were detained under the ISA -LRB- Internal Security Act -RRB- .
	concern-14	said-12	-nsubjpass-ccomp	their-13 concern-14 	said-12 
The JCC would be very pleased to welcome your organization as a corporate sponsor .

According to Ramdas the NGOs will meet again after the 100-day period to review their position .

Evidently , during a phone conversation on Friday Chavez told his daughter that he was forced to resign and accept the army 's non-negotiable conditions .
	conditions-25	accept-20	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubjpass-nsubj-conj	the-21 army-22 's-23 non-negotiable-24 conditions-25 	accept-20 
Valley Federal also added $ 18 million to realestate loan reserves and eliminated $ 9.9 million of good will .

From Polkton , Maria Polk .

Ramdas said Suhakam 's performance will be judged not on the number of statements issued or reports produced but on the improvement of human rights in Malaysia .
	performance-5	judged-8	-nsubjpass	Suhakam-3 's-4 performance-5 	will-6 be-7 judged-8 
Watch the myriad subtle turnings on and o of genes , metabolic switching , mechanical twitching , sensing of glucose gradient , swimming and tumbling upstream to higher glucose concentrations .

As a result , industrialists and prominent capitalists , as well as defeated political forces acting as foreign agents and the military figures associated with them , became concerned about the situation .

Following the dictates of the logical positivists of the Vienna Circle that only those statements capable of verification were meaningful , philosophers as famous as G. E. Moore came to wonder if ethical assertions were merely emotive utterances .

Some chip-related issues such as Tokyo Electron and Advantest ended the morning higher despite an overnight fall in U.S. stocks .

Yuck or yum from my point of view if I am an autonomous agent .

My mama read to me and my sister .

I wonder , in short , at the naturalness and self-generaticity of Dennett ' s cranes building cranes building cranes in biospheres , perhaps planetary geologies , and beyond .

Once there is an autonomous agent , there is a semantics from its privileged point of view .

It seems that by wielding its authority and exercising dictatorial powers as the world 's only superpower , the United States is determined to play a front and center role in the intricate international game of oil prices and the free flow of this all-important strategic product otherwise known as the `` Black Gold '' .
	play-25	determined-23	-xcomp	play-25 a-26 front-27 and-28 center-29 role-30 in-31 the-32 intricate-33 international-34 game-35 of-36 oil-37 prices-38 and-39 the-40 free-41 flow-42 of-43 this-44 all-important-45 strategic-46 product-47 otherwise-48 known-49 as-50 the-51 ``-52 Black-53 Gold-54 	is-22 determined-23 	States-21	determined-23	-nsubjpass	the-19 United-20 States-21 	is-22 determined-23 
The break with Kyoto had been a pre-attack marker in the Bush administration , for having demonstrated the latter 's absolute indifference to the opinion of even its closest allies , such as Germany , France , the United Kingdom , and Japan .

Moreover , Chavez 's foreign policies were contrary to American interests in Latin America , as well as in other parts of the world .

The first is that , once again , the current US administration , faced with a controversial issue , is situating itself alongside the explicit interests of companies in the energy sector .

Currently , the producer is able to process about 10 million tablets per month to meet the demand for domestic consumption and export as well , according to the Public Health Ministry .

I just wanted a job .
	job-5	wanted-3	-dobj	a-4 job-5 	wanted-3 
Rubber makers and nonferrous metal firms led the rise , while telecoms , real estate companies , and banks were soft in the morning .

It can be said that the Japanese Government has put itself in a difficult position .

I ducked under a boulder , and he never sensed me .
	me-11	sensed-10	-dobj	me-11 	sensed-10 
The fall of Hugo Chavez in Caracas is a crystal-clear message and warning by the US to anyone in the world who is contemplating to use oil as a political tool in the future .

Mr. Mugabe acknowledged the country 's agricultural problems last week , declaring a `` state of disaster '' brought on by drought and sabotage by white farmers .
	problems-8	acknowledged-3	-dobj	the-4 country-5 's-6 agricultural-7 problems-8 last-9 week-10 	acknowledged-3 
The project 's costs , like those of the space-shuttle program before it , have ballooned far beyond original estimates - from an initial $ 17.4 billion to more than $ 30 billion .

He started it and he told stories that , um , um , men being in it that house at night and stuff and for us not to go outside at night .

Um , I did n't really have a favorite .

In the meantime , the lawyers have also initiated a civil suit against Elie Hobeika , the militia leader who is regarded as one of the main perpetrators of the massacres .

However , the letter emphasizes that for the Kyoto Protocol to be able to enter into force in the near future it is not enough for EU ratification to be guaranteed and they thus urge Putin to ensure that Russia also moves ahead with ratification .
	Putin-36	urge-35	-dobj	Putin-36 	urge-35 
I 'd never finished high school .

The thrift said that `` after these charges and assuming no dramatic fluctuation in interest rates , the association expects to achieve near record earnings in 1990 .

The company said the one-time provision would substantially eliminate all future losses at the unit .

It has always amused me that the core injunction of the logical positivists , `` only those statements that are empirically verifiable are meaningful , '' is itself not empirically verifiable .
	me-5	amused-4	-dobj	me-5 	amused-4 
He said the violence , hunger and economic turmoil are strengthening his country 's appetite for a public campaign for change .
	turmoil-9	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 violence-4 ,-5 hunger-6 and-7 economic-8 turmoil-9 	said-2 	turmoil-9	appetite-15	-nsubj-dobj	the-3 violence-4 ,-5 hunger-6 and-7 economic-8 turmoil-9 	appetite-15 
The department said that it will cost $ 600 for an HIV\ patient per year at this time , and the following years this cost is expected to stand at just $ 400\ for one patient as the production of such drugs becomes stable .

It has vast natural resources and riches .

`` If the people of Zimbabwe have a sense that they have been cheated through the election process , it is possible that some could resort to violence , '' said the foreign minister , Alexander Downer .

She likes for me to read them to her .

Repeated reports last year and this year said Khattab had been killed , but none of them has been confirmed by documentation .

The authorities were able to confirm via information provided by the U.S. military that the trawler exchanged messages with the North before it was intercepted by patrol boats off the Japanese island of Amami Oshima .

In the near future , the ministry added , more kinds of such drugs including Nevirappine , Afaviren and Abavir will be available .

Washington was concerned that the Chavez model might affect other -LRB- Latin -RRB- American countries .
	affect-9	concerned-3	-ccomp	the-5 Chavez-6 model-7 might-8 affect-9 other-10 -LRB--11 Latin-12 -RRB--13 American-14 countries-15 	was-2 concerned-3 
`` An agent from among the Arabs who are fighting in Chechnya had earlier been recruited by the special services of one of the states in the CIS -LRB- Commonwealth of Independent States -RRB- and was involved in the operation to liquidate Khattab , '' he said .

If you have any questions , please feel free to call Myrna Weinberger at 251-9467 , ext. 256 .

when I was little .

I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .

He said the situation is worst in southern Zimbabwe , where opposition to ZANU-PF is strongest .
	situation-4	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 situation-4 	said-2 
Orkem said it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its U.K. business .

As neurons are supposed to proliferate and form novel synaptic connections that survive if used and to mediate the linkage of conditioned to unconditioned stimulus , why not envision a complex chemistry , say , very complex carbohydrate-synthesis patterns sustained by complex sets of enzymes whose activities are modulated by the dierent carbohydrates themselves , which is true of contemporary carbohydrate metabolism .

The European Union and the United States have already imposed ` smart ' , selected sanctions on Mugabe and 19 people in his inner circle .

But Israel has not once deigned to propose that the Palestinians live with the Israelis as full citizens in the same sate .
	live-12	propose-8	-ccomp	the-10 Palestinians-11 live-12 with-13 the-14 Israelis-15 as-16 full-17 citizens-18 in-19 the-20 same-21 sate-22 	has-3 not-4 once-5 deigned-6 to-7 propose-8 
The know-how is the propagating organization .

More than 100 were homeless .

`` I feel very strongly for these people , '' Mr. Tsvangirai said .

It also served the interests of the forces that opposed Chavez inside -LRB- Venezuela -RRB- .
	Chavez-11	opposed-10	-dobj	Chavez-11 	opposed-10 
The forum of Arab council heads is to meet tomorrow to draw up an action campaign aimed at thwarting the plan , part of a package of recommendations put forward by the Treasury for a NIS 13 million cut in government spending .

President Bush took up the matter of the `` axis of evil '' and Japan 's economic recovery as topics at the beginning of the summit talks .

I can write my name on the deposit slip .

Snow Brand Milk Products dived 37 yen to 187 yen after media reported earlier Wednesday that its subsidiary Snow Brand Food is suspected of disguising Australian beef as domestic to get a government subsidy in connection with mad cow disease .

One is reminded of something about hoisting and petards .

I do not think those rudiments suce to jump over Hume ' s naturalistic fallacy .
	suce-7	think-4	-dobj	those-5 rudiments-6 suce-7 to-8 jump-9 over-10 Hume-11 '-12 s-13 naturalistic-14 fallacy-15 	think-4 
Spanish premier , EU leader urge Russia to ratify Kyoto Protocol Text of report by Spanish news agency Efe Barcelona , 14 March : The current president of the EU , Jose Maria Aznar , and the president of the European Commission , Romano Prodi , have handed over a letter to Russian President Vladimir Putin in which they urge him to promote the ratification by Russia of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change .
	him-61	urge-60	-dobj	him-61 to-62 promote-63 the-64 ratification-65 by-66 Russia-67 of-68 the-69 Kyoto-70 Protocol-71 on-72 climate-73 change-74 	urge-60 
Mm , I kind of liked them all .
	them-7	liked-6	-nsubj-xcomp	them-7 	liked-6 
John M. McNamara , chief financial officer of Milton Roy , said the company has no comment on Crane 's filing .

Mr. Tsvangirai also touched on his own legal battle with the government : On May 31 , he is to stand trial on a charge of treason , accused of plotting to have Mr. Mugabe assassinated .

The second conclusion is that , contrary to what some optimists were predicting after 11 September , Bush seems to have decided to stick to a course of arrogant unilateralism when conducting his foreign policy .

On the other hand , the NGOs said there is nothing in the public records which shows that Abu Talib was committed to protecting civil liberties and advancing human rights .
	liberties-26	protecting-24	-dobj	civil-25 liberties-26 and-27 advancing-28 human-29 rights-30 	was-21 committed-22 to-23 protecting-24 	Talib-20	committed-22	-nsubjpass	Abu-19 Talib-20 	was-21 committed-22 to-23 protecting-24 
I do not think we were successful in drawing a clean distinction between doings and happenings with clear mathematics .
	we-5	think-4	-nsubj-ccomp	we-5 	do-2 not-3 think-4 
I do not disagree , although I have placed far greater emphasis on the roles of self-organization in evolution .

Coming to Goodwill was the first step toward my becoming totally independent .

Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that comes with work .

John Rawls of Harvard has argued eloquently that our human notions of fairness derive from what we would all `` contractually '' agree to , were we to know before birth that we would all be born with diering abilities and endowments .

Snow Brand Food , listed on the Second Section , also shed 7 yen to 85 yen .

Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid-chromatography line for $ 22 million in February .

Thank God for know-how .
	God-2	Thank-1	-dobj	God-2 for-3 know-how-4 	Thank-1 
Over 200 economists , officials and entrepreneurs attended the forum .

I 've got more than a job ; I 've got a career .

Too much yuck , this one and its progeny are gone from the future of the biosphere .

`` Russia has provided only military-technical assistance to the Northern Alliance and continues to do so .

It took some time and hard work , but with the help of Goodwill , Jerry was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor 's office , find housing and conduct a more thorough job search .

At the same time , the ambassador said in an interview with ITAR-TASS that large Russian capital and businesses `` are not active enough in dealings with Mongolia '' at the moment .

Do not be overly quick to accuse me of anthropomorphizing .
	me-8	accuse-7	-dobj	me-8 	accuse-7 
The lawyers refused to reveal the source of the documents .

There is no autonomous agent , no one , who knows how the whole system works , any more than anyone at present knows how the global economic system works in its myriad interactions , deals , steals , hopes , and frustrations .

I was sad when I could n't go to the snack bar to buy a soda .

Also , there is a possibility of armed attacks on Japan .

-LRB- second announcer -RRB- In a rare development , which reminds one of the American-backed coup d'etat by General Pinochet against the legally-elected President of Chile , Salvador Allende , in 1973 , the legally-elected President of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , was ousted as a result of coordinated operations carried out by a number of army generals , as well as prominent industrialists , capitalists and forces acting as American agents .

Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing .

For this to be true , it is not necessary that the carriers of purpose , say , the same bacterium heading upstream in the glucose gradient , be conscious .

Hanoi , May 13 -LRB- VNA -RRB- -- Vietnam has produced a variety of drugs to control HIV\ in patients suffering with the disease .

He also supported movements that opposed American intervention in the region , thereby infuriating Washington .
	movements-4	supported-3	-dobj	movements-4 	supported-3 	movements-4	opposed-6	-rcmod	movements-4 	opposed-6 	intervention-8	opposed-6	-dobj	American-7 intervention-8 in-9 the-10 region-11 	opposed-6 
If the conversation we recent two-legged ones are having with respect to our digging sticks and atomic bombs is impressive , so too is the chemical conversation in any full-fledged ecosystem , where we are all instrumental in the lives of one another .

I know how to tie my shoes and am learning how to play jazz drums .

He added the boycott could create the impression that the NGOs were acting out of self interest and are not honest about championing human rights .
	boycott-4	added-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 boycott-4 	added-2 	boycott-4	impression-8	-nsubj-dobj	the-3 boycott-4 	impression-8 	rights-25	championing-23	-dobj	human-24 rights-25 	championing-23 
Daniel Yamins is a brilliant young mathematician .

United States President George W. Bush finally announced his country 's proposal for fighting the greenhouse effect .

Forget space shuttles , orbiting telescopes , and more robotic rovers on Mars .

Because of this , which amino acid is charged onto a particular transfer RNA is utterly arbitrary and controlled by the aminoacyle transferase enzyme that does the charging , plus the structure of the amino acid binding site on the transfer RNA .

But he said Zimbabwe 's future rests largely with its own people .
	future-6	said-3	-nsubj-ccomp	Zimbabwe-4 's-5 future-6 	said-3 
In New York on Tuesday , the Nasdaq composite index plunged 47.81 points , or 2.48 % , to close at 1,882.53 and the 30-issue Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 58.05 points , or 0.59 % , to 9,713.80 .

I certainly want to say yes , without attributing consciousness in any way .

We can not deduce ought from is in any concrete context , but I think we have the categories of ought and is in the physical universe once we have autonomous agents .
	we-16	think-15	-nsubj-ccomp	we-16 	think-15 
Um , I think my favorite was like , `` Little Red Riding Hood ; '' I loved that book .
	book-20	loved-18	-dobj	that-19 book-20 	loved-18 	favorite-6	think-4	-nsubj-ccomp	my-5 favorite-6 	think-4 
He pursued an independent policy .
	policy-5	pursued-2	-dobj	an-3 independent-4 policy-5 	pursued-2 
But it was the uncertainty with which her rival , Bavarian Premier Edmund Stoiber of the Christian Social Union , the CDU 's Bavarian sister party , also shrouded himself that made the question of who would lead the Union parties into the 22 September elections as chancellor candidate against incumbent Gerhard Schroeder , so exciting .
	himself-30	shrouded-29	-dobj	himself-30 	shrouded-29 
Indeed , that is the fate of many Latin and South American countries which have been living for decades under American-backed military regimes that oppressed their own peoples .

Know-how Bring ourselves empathetically and objectively back three billion years to the mixed microbial community flourishing right about where most of us are now , plus or minus a modicum of layers of surface crustal material .

Apart from Hakam , other notable NGOs involved in the boycott are the Malaysian Trades Union Congress -LRB- MTUC -RRB- , Suaram , Amesty International 's Malaysian chapter , Jamaah Islah Malaysia -LRB- Jim -RRB- and Sisters in Islam -LRB- SIS -RRB- .

Youths Nidal Sanduqah and Ra ` fat al-Bajjali were seriously injured as result of a strong explosion that rocked the center of Bethlehem .

Israeli Arab leaders yesterday pledged to fight a proposed 25 % -30 % cut in National Insurance Institute child benefits for those who have not served in the army or completed national service .
	fight-7	pledged-5	-xcomp	fight-7 a-8 proposed-9 25-10 %-11 -30-12 %-13 cut-14 in-15 National-16 Insurance-17 Institute-18 child-19 benefits-20 	pledged-5 	%-11	fight-7	-dobj	a-8 proposed-9 25-10 %-11 -30-12 %-13 cut-14 in-15 National-16 Insurance-17 Institute-18 child-19 benefits-20 	to-6 fight-7 
I love that image .
	image-4	love-2	-dobj	that-3 image-4 	love-2 
The seasonal construction job he obtained soon ended , and he returned to Career Academy for help once more .

One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our scholarship programs .

It is this index that will be reduced , according to the White House , by 18 percent over the next 10 years .

The NGOs also noted that the government has yet to show its commitment and respect for universal human rights principles by ratifying the international instruments of human rights , namely the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights and the Covenant Against Torture .
	government-7	noted-4	-nsubj-ccomp	the-6 government-7 	noted-4 
The United Nations ' secretary-general , Kofi Annan , appealed for calm after the poll and urged Zimbabweans to refrain from violence .
	Zimbabweans-18	appealed-10	-dobj-conj	Zimbabweans-18 	appealed-10 	Zimbabweans-18	urged-17	-dobj	Zimbabweans-18 	urged-17 
This means a return to Israel 's pre-1967 borders .

The newspaper added that the Japanese government , which first believed the vessel was a North Korean spy ship based on its shape and equipment , have gained more evidence to support their suspicions .
	government-7	believed-11	-rcmod	the-5 Japanese-6 government-7 	believed-11 	vessel-13	believed-11	-nsubj-ccomp	the-12 vessel-13 	believed-11 
Yet the agency 's objectives have been growing less visionary since then , says John Pike , director of GlobalSecurity.org in Alexandria , Va. `` Webb 's mandate was to put a man on the moon .

The MDC leader said systematic cheating , spoiling tactics , rigid new laws and sheer obstruction - as well as political violence and intimidation - were just some of the irregularities practiced by the authorities in the run-up to , and during the poll .

He urged Japan to follow the US by saying : `` The international community needs to cooperate to change Iran , Iraq , and North Korea 's action pattern -LRB- of spreading weapons of mass destruction -RRB- .
	Japan-3	urged-2	-dobj	Japan-3 	urged-2 
In sharp contrast to other African observer teams , the forum said the conduct of the elections fell short of regional expectations .
	conduct-14	said-12	-nsubj-ccomp	the-13 conduct-14 of-15 the-16 elections-17 	said-12 
Observer missions from South Africa , Nigeria , Namibia and the Organisation of African Unity -LRB- OAU -RRB- respectively , described the poll as `` legitimate '' - largely satisfactory and transparent , credible , free and fair .
	poll-23	described-21	-npadvmod-advmod	the-22 poll-23 	described-21 
Semantics All of which brings us , inevitably , to the brink of semantics .

Hume ' s injunction against deduction from is to ought nevertheless began by recognizing the legitimacy of the category `` ought .

Lebanese officials have avoided publicly commenting on the new message from Washington .

They explain that this agreement is an important step for the EU in fulfilling the political pledge to achieve ratification of the Protocol before the Johannesburg summit on sustainable development .
	achieve-19	pledge-17	-vmod-dobj	achieve-19 ratification-20 of-21 the-22 Protocol-23 before-24 the-25 Johannesburg-26 summit-27 on-28 sustainable-29 development-30 	political-16 pledge-17 	agreement-5	explain-2	-nsubj-ccomp	this-4 agreement-5 	explain-2 
`` We do not recognize the outcome of the election because we think it 's flawed .
	outcome-7	recognize-5	-dobj	the-6 outcome-7 of-8 the-9 election-10 	do-3 not-4 recognize-5 	outcome-7	think-13	-dobj-advcl	the-6 outcome-7 of-8 the-9 election-10 	think-13 	it-14	think-13	-nsubj-ccomp	it-14 	think-13 
Not bad for nerveless nonvertebrates .

Officially , some 23 % of the working population are registered as looking for work , but council officials believe the real figures are much higher .
	figures-23	believe-20	-nsubj-ccomp	the-21 real-22 figures-23 	believe-20 
I was on welfare and without my diploma .

Unemployed , homeless and with a prison record , Jerry now faced going back to prison for failure to pay child support .

`` The fact that three commissioners have now been axed is a clear signal to other commissioners that their tenure is dependent on whether or not they have pleased the executive .

In the southwestern region of Matabeleland , for example , cases have been reported where people had to go through a `` cleansing '' routine to purge them of their MDC sympathies before being allowed to buy corn .

`` Then they are taken to the local headman to be kept under observation .

If yuck , it is not so likely this lineage will prosper .

A simple autonomous agent , say , a bacterium , is a Darwinian creature .

In direct response , the Americans , who preach democracy to the entire planet , recognizing that they could no longer tolerate someone like Chavez reverted to their old bullying and dictatorial tactics and arranged for an army coup by several avowed pro-American generals , who managed to remove Chavez from power in a few short hours .

The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis , a United Way agency .

Indeed , the officials of the Chavez government repeatedly said that foreign intelligence agencies were involved in the formation of that coalition .

He added that a third person was moderately wounded in the explosion .

The observations of the 14-member Southern African Development Community -LRB- SADC -RRB- Parliamentary Forum team differed considerably from the other African missions .

The SADC parliamentarians ' view was also echoed by the Norwegian observer delegation which said , on Tuesday , that the election failed to meet international standards .
	election-22	said-15	-nsubj-ccomp	the-21 election-22 	said-15 
Having marginalized their own leader , the CDU grandees can not afford to leave the chancellor candidate in the lurch as well .

In the case of military actions against Iran on the other hand , it also seems that `` judging from the lessons we learned from the Gulf War , Japan , which relies on the crude oil from the Middle East , can not refuse offering cooperation , '' -LRB- said a Defense Agency source -RRB- .
	cooperation-47	refuse-45	-dobj	offering-46 cooperation-47 	refuse-45 
The only way out of the current spiral of violence is for Israel to limit itself to areas within which it can assume responsibility for its citizens ' security .

According to a government official in contact with US politicians recently , hostility toward Hizbullah has grown tremendously in recent months within the US administration .

The forum attracted wide attention both at home and abroad , as China is to be admitted into the WTO at the forthcoming new round of WTO multilateral trade talks in Doha , Qatar , in November .

I suppose we apply the Darwinian criteria .

While fully aware of Hume ' s injunction , I think that from the autonomous agent ' s perspective , yuck or yum is primary , unavoidable , and of the deepest importance to that agent .
	that-12	aware-3	-dobj-advcl	that-12 from-13 the-14 autonomous-15 agent-16 '-17 s-18 perspective-19 	fully-2 aware-3 	that-12	think-11	-dobj	that-12 from-13 the-14 autonomous-15 agent-16 '-17 s-18 perspective-19 	think-11 
But all sorts of molecular vibrational , rotational , and translational motions are occurring .

As a sponsor , you and your guests will have a special evening , knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support preschool , childcare , senior and resettlement services , as well as quality cultural events in our community .

You like to read encyclopedias .

Orkem and Coates said last Wednesday that the two were considering a merger , through Orkem 's British subsidiary , Orkem Coatings U.K. Ltd. .
	merger-13	considering-11	-dobj	a-12 merger-13 	considering-11 
The semantics of the yuck or yum coming into a simple autonomous agent say , an early bacterium is somehow linked with the embodied know-how of that agent in making a living , or failing to make a living , in its world .

For the moment , no behavioral learning is to be considered .

They maintain that there are many women and young people who have lost their jobs in the last year who are either no longer registered or did not sign as jobless in the first place .

His words were echoed by Muhammad Zaydan , head of the Kafr Manda Local Council .

Where Mr. Goldin was a product of the US aerospace industry , Mr. O'Keefe has served as chief financial officer for the Pentagon , Navy secretary , and business-school professor .

As J. Monod properly emphasized three decades ago in a slightly dierent context concerning activation and inhibition of enzymes at allosteric sites on the enzyme that are distant from the catalytic site , the relation of chemical structures that achieve control of catalysis are utterly arbitrary with respect to the chemical structures that undergo the catalysis .

Chinese cooking lands in Cuba , and Cuban-Chinese cuisine is invented .

In the complaint , Hobeika had not yet been called by name .

It seems hard to ascribe purpose , in the sense of acting on its own behalf , to a stone or a chair and easy with respect to an alga .

Now I can buy a soda and spend money .

Tokyo , Dec. 26 -LRB- Yonhap -RRB- -- Japanese defense authorities have confirmed that the vessel initially suspected of being a North Korean spy ship communicated with the North before being intercepted and sunk by Japanese patrol boats after an exchange of fire in the East China Sea Saturday , Japan 's Sankei Shimbun said in its Wednesday edition .

`` It is Israel that is responsible for all kinds of provocative activities , '' one official source remarked , referring in particular to air raids and other aggressive acts against Lebanon .
	It-2	remarked-19	-nsubj-ccomp	It-2 	remarked-19 
`` The situation we see now is what I call the Last Supper -- it is ZANU-PF 's final feast , '' Mr. Tsvangirai said .

If yum , then there will probably be more of this type of agent , osprings of the first .

She 's , ah six .

She likes the pop-out books .
	books-5	likes-2	-dobj	the-3 pop-out-4 books-5 	likes-2 
I rode a bike to Goodwill in the rain and snow .

Mr. Stoiber has come a long way from his refusal to sacrifice himself for the CDU in an election that once looked impossible to win , through his statement that he would under no circumstances run against the wishes of Ms. Merkel and her party , to his willingness to take her on in a divisive vote if necessary .
	take-51	willingness-49	-vmod	to-50 take-51 her-52 on-53 in-54 a-55 divisive-56 vote-57 if-58 necessary-59 	willingness-49 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share .

We scientists find the facts .
	facts-5	find-3	-dobj	the-4 facts-5 	find-3 
Once yuck and yum , we are not far from C. S. Pierce ' s meaning-laden semiotic triad : sign , signified , significans .

`` I remember when the late prime minister Yitzhaq Rabin did away with the discrimination that had existed for years and equalized child benefits regardless of whether parents had served in the army or not , '' Zaydan said .

The Union parties could not have wished for a better situation from which to launch their campaign .
	situation-11	wished-7	-pobj-prep	a-9 better-10 situation-11 from-12 which-13 to-14 launch-15 their-16 campaign-17 	could-4 not-5 have-6 wished-7 
Ramdas said it was perceived that Anuar and Mehrun , instrumental behind the scathing Kesas report , were dropped for performing their duties without fear or favor .
	it-3	perceived-5	-nsubjpass	it-3 	was-4 perceived-5 
But any autonomous agent proliferating alone or in a congery of other agents , it would seem , is also graced by the selfsame know-how .

cut its quarterly dividend to five cents a share from 11.5 cents a share .

The patterns of bowl drainage upon receipt of the binary string messages sent along the communication channel constitutes the decoding .

I will return in the next chapter to discuss such stories , for I will say that we can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and , therefore , can not deduce that which will unfold .

With grim determination , he has destroyed the peace process and the Oslo agreements .

`` Formations of the anti-Taleban coalition do not include officers of the Russian armed forces , '' a high-ranking military official told Interfax on Friday .

Perhaps higher primates who are trained to manipulate simple symbols with apparent reference to the world also can `` know that '' with respect to propositions .

O'Keefe 's appointment `` is a clear message from the administration : NASA has to clean up its act before we can talk about the neat stuff we 'd like to see NASA do , '' says Patricia Dasch of the National Space Society .

Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses .

`` Those out of work now , who rely on benefits to support their families , will find themselves in an even worse situation , '' he said .

It knows how all right , even if it can not talk about how it gets on with its business .

The companies are automotive-emissions-testing concerns .

Everything will be taken over by the new company , '' said Christian Andersson , executive vice president of Oy Waertsilae , former parent of Waertsilae Marine .

If anyone in their ranks can turn this to their advantage , it is Mr. Stoiber .

Advanced Medical paid $ 106 million in cash for its share in a unit of Henley 's Fisher Scientific subsidiary .

Moreover , Iraq is expected to fight back if it is attacked .
	Iraq-3	expected-5	-nsubjpass	Iraq-3 	is-4 expected-5 
Moscow , 9 November : Russia 's Defense Ministry has denied Taleban assertions that Russian officers are serving in the Northern Alliance .
	officers-16	denied-11	-nsubj-ccomp	Russian-15 officers-16 	has-10 denied-11 
Australia , which with South Africa and Nigeria has been mandated to report on the Zimbabwe presidential poll to the Commonwealth , was equally critical .

The town , with a population of 14,000 , has been at the top of unemployment lists for the past few months .

However , after a brief period of shock , Bush resumed his solitary road , as he clearly demonstrated in his State of the Union speech , in which he threatened the `` Axis of Evil '' countries -LRB- Iran , Iraq , and North Korea -RRB- without consulting the Europeans and Japanese , who do not necessarily agree with the appropriateness of antagonizing the governments of those nations .
	countries-38	threatened-31	-dobj	the-32 ``-33 Axis-34 of-35 Evil-36 ''-37 countries-38 -LRB--39 Iran-40 ,-41 Iraq-42 ,-43 and-44 North-45 Korea-46 -RRB--47 without-48 consulting-49 the-50 Europeans-51 and-52 Japanese-53 	threatened-31 	Europeans-51	agree-59	-rcmod	the-32 ``-33 Axis-34 of-35 Evil-36 ''-37 countries-38 -LRB--39 Iran-40 ,-41 Iraq-42 ,-43 and-44 North-45 Korea-46 -RRB--47 without-48 consulting-49 the-50 Europeans-51 and-52 Japanese-53 	do-56 not-57 necessarily-58 agree-59 	appropriateness-62	agree-59	-pobj-prep	the-61 appropriateness-62 of-63 antagonizing-64 the-65 governments-66 of-67 those-68 nations-69 	do-56 not-57 necessarily-58 agree-59 
By now , it should be clear to everyone that retaliating against every act of Palestinian resistance with Israel 's superior ability to punish Palestinians does not provide the security that Israelis are demanding .

Western governments are lining up to condemn the Mugabe government , while the African bloc appears to have opted for solidarity in support of Mugabe .
	government-10	condemn-7	-dobj	the-8 Mugabe-9 government-10 	are-3 lining-4 up-5 to-6 condemn-7 	government-10	appears-16	-dobj-nsubj-nsubj-advcl	the-8 Mugabe-9 government-10 	appears-16 to-17 have-18 opted-19 for-20 solidarity-21 in-22 support-23 
Then there is the eventual goal of the peace process : the coexistence of Israel with the state of Palestine .

Lawyers for the survivors , who have filed a complaint against Sharon in Belgium , said this .

Once its ownership is finalized , the new company will open talks with state-appointed receivers to buy or lease Waertsilae Marine 's shipyard facilities .

For want of a nail , the shoe was lost ; for want of the shoe , the horse was lost ; and for want of the horse , the rider was lost , '' more or less , said Benjamin Franklin .

He thinks that every settlement is important and is determined that Israelis must retain as much land in the West Bank and Gaza Strip as possible .
	Israelis-12	determined-10	-nsubj-ccomp	Israelis-12 	is-9 determined-10 
The buffer zones that Ariel Sharon intends to establish are an explicit admission that Israelis can no longer live by the sword , that the occupation is not working , and Israeli reprisals are not meeting with success .

Besides this , the Russian prime minister is scheduled to meet with Mongolian President Natsagiyn Bagabandi and the parliamentary speaker , Sanzhbegiyn Tumur-Ochir .

The egret is as much a part of physical reality as the atom , and perhaps more than the vaunted quark .

The task-force report stirred opposition by Canada and other partners .

Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment .

With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .

Customers holding contracts for Waertsilae Marine 's undelivered ships are expected to subscribe most of the remaining 170 million markkaa in share capital , government officials said .
	subscribe-13	expected-11	-xcomp	subscribe-13 	are-10 expected-11 
Such a system might blindly try out variant patterns of synthesis until it could establish a self-sustaining web linking the carbohydrates , the enzymes , and certain protein receptors mediating the linkage between unconditioned and conditioned stimulus , then maintain that linkage by positive feedback loops .

Jack Straw , the foreign secretary of the former colonial power , Britain , which is locked in a verbal war with Mugabe , said the Zimbabwean head of state was bent on achieving `` one goal , power at all costs .

Dan and I struggled that summer to make the distinction between the `` doings '' of an autonomous agent and mere happenings in and around the autonomous agent .

They added that Abu Talib , during his tenure as AG -LRB- attorney general -RRB- , was also instrumental for the impeachment of then Lord President Salleh Abas and five Supreme Court judges in 1988 .

A physical border between Israel and a new Palestinian state will be twisted and distorted to accommodate Jewish settlers in the West Bank and Gaza .

A wall and miles of fences is not the best of solutions .

Khatib , who also chairs the forum of Arab council heads , said the leadership is diametrically opposed to any cutbacks , particularly when those affecting the lower socio-economic strata of society .
	leadership-15	opposed-18	-nsubjpass	the-14 leadership-15 	is-16 diametrically-17 opposed-18 	affecting-26	opposed-18	-advcl	any-20 cutbacks-21 ,-22 particularly-23 when-24 those-25 affecting-26 the-27 lower-28 socio-economic-29 strata-30 of-31 society-32 	is-16 diametrically-17 opposed-18 
He made no reference to the economic upheaval caused by the farm invasions , but the government says it is trying to import supplies from South Africa , China , Argentina and Brazil .
	it-19	says-18	-nsubj-ccomp	it-19 	says-18 
, in 2010 , 29 percent more greenhouse gases than it did in 1990 .

Your generosity will help people help themselves .

The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like health care , transportation and child care - problems that are big enough on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental disabilities , illiteracy and lack of job skills .

Volume on the main section decreased to 303.91 million shares from Tuesday morning 's 328.82 million , with losers surpassing gainers 863 to 466 , and 153 issues finishing the morning unchanged .

Judging from a few texts that De Standaard was given access to , the documents seem to be related to the Israeli Kahan Commission .

But non-governmental organizations operating in the country also said they have been seeing evidence of discriminatory food distribution .
	they-10	said-9	-nsubj-ccomp	they-10 	said-9 
My instructor played a role like no other instructor I 've ever had I appreciate everything that Goodwill has done for me .
	everything-16	appreciate-15	-dobj	everything-16 	appreciate-15 
But Goodwill offers hope even to people with numerous obstacles to overcome , like Jerry .

`` We will also note to what extent Suhakam will monitor the government 's compliance with previous recommendations on various human rights issues contained in its maiden report to the Parliament as well as its other reports , '' he added .

`` This is just the pursuance of a vendetta .

He is also expected to be awarded the title of honorary doctor of the university .

Watch a pair of nesting birds build their nest .

Donna Because teaching a man to fish will keep him fed for his entire life .

July 28 , 1999 Dear Join us for the `` Sale of the Century '' at JCC Auction ' 99 , on Saturday , November 13 , 1999 .

Yet , clearly , the know-how is distributed .

-LRB- First announcer -RRB- Hugo Chavez was ousted today as a result of a coup d'etat .

I read to my niece .

`` This is likely to have ramifications for the future , with children skipping school , going out onto the streets , and getting mixed up with crime , drugs , and violence .

The calculus that is Claude Shannon ' s elegant information theory has always been about reduction of uncertainty about the statistics of the source of a set of symbols .

It seems fully legitimate to assign the concepts of sign , signified , and significans to the genetic code .

I have a savings account .

`` It is also politically very difficult '' to enact a new law considering the declining support for the Koizumi Cabinet , said a source within the Prime Minister 's Official Residence .

But improvement has not yet been made to the emergency legislation system .

Sharon has not brought the Israeli public security .

Granted , the glucose is not an arbitrary symbol , any more than a cloud is an arbitrary symbol of rain .

The Nikkei climbed 50.18 points , or 0.50 % , to end the morning at 10,101.16 .

The official program of Kasyanov 's stay in capital Ulaanbaatar will begin with a tete-a-tete meeting with Mongolian Prime Minister Nambaryn Enhbayar on Monday , followed by talks in an extended format and signing of several agreements .

She 's in kindergarten .

Experts said the Chinese economy will have tremendous opportunities after China 's entry to the WTO , while it will also face many challenges which will require accelerated and profound reform in enterprises , the financial system and social security .
	economy-5	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 Chinese-4 economy-5 	said-2 
to stock of record Dec. .

Oh , OK .

Under an accord signed yesterday , the government and Union Bank of Finland would become major shareholders in the new company , each injecting 100 million Finnish markkaa -LRB- $ 23.5 million -RRB- .

This allows us lucky Popperian creatures to allow our `` hypotheses to die in our stead .

I think the major conceptual step to yuck or yum is unavoidable once there is an autonomous agent .

Practically speaking , a buffer zone will be near impossible to erect .

We will meet a similar problem in the next chapter when we attempt to distinguish between the function of a part of an organism and the other causal consequences of that part of the organism .

Mugabe 's allies and detractors may all hope that he is spending the time reviewing the tense situation in the country and working out how best to calm fears and concern and rally Zimbabweans together .
	he-10	hope-8	-nsubj-ccomp	he-10 	may-6 all-7 hope-8 
Israel does not want the Palestinians to be part of the same country , or have one of their own .
	Palestinians-6	want-4	-dobj	the-5 Palestinians-6 to-7 be-8 part-9 of-10 the-11 same-12 country-13 	does-2 not-3 want-4 
The incoming molecule is `` yuck '' or `` yum .

Without attributing consciousness to an E. coli , or an autonomous agent we may create in the near future , I can not help but feel that the rudiments of value are present once autonomous agents are around .
	rudiments-29	feel-26	-nsubj-ccomp	the-28 rudiments-29 of-30 value-31 	feel-26 
Issues to deal with Iraq , Iran , and North Korea -- which the US President branded as the `` axis of evil '' in his statement to fight against international terrorism -- and activation of the Japanese economy were the major topics of discussion at the Japan-US summit talks held on 18 February between Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and US President George W. Bush .

But the Zimbabwean leader has been silent since his final campaign rally last Friday , though people are eagerly awaiting his victory speech .
	speech-23	awaiting-20	-dobj	his-21 victory-22 speech-23 	eagerly-19 awaiting-20 
These include Lamivudin 100mg and Lamizidivir -LRB- Lamivudin 150mg and Zidovudin 300mg -RRB- , according to the Public Health Ministry .

Reports by our informers also confirm the likelihood of his death , '' the source said .

There are grounds , reasoned about by the best of philosophers and scientists of the past several centuries , to doubt a physics of semantics .

`` We applauded this move because it was not only just , but it made us begin to feel that we , as Arabs , were an integral part of Israeli society .
	move-5	applauded-3	-dobj	this-4 move-5 	applauded-3 	move-5	feel-19	-dobj-conj-ccomp-xcomp	this-4 move-5 	feel-19 
There is in this whole self-constructing system a wider know-how , beyond the know-how of any single autonomous agent spinning eagerly in its microenvironment .

Nowhere in the core of Shannon ' s work concerning the encoding and transmission of information does the meaning , or semantics , of the information enter .

Right now , there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels like to support themselves .
	what-13	feels-15	-dobj	what-13 it-14 	feels-15 	themselves-19	support-18	-dobj	themselves-19 	support-18 
thrift had net income of $ 132,000 , or three cents a share , a year ago .

Bush suspended U.S. entry privileges for Mugabe , his family or senior members of his government .

-LRB- passage omitted : On developments in Venezuela after World War II -RRB- As a result of developments in the 1990s , Hugo Chavez was elected in the free elections held in 1998 .

Mugabe 's main challenger , Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change , has rejected the outcome of the presidential poll .
	outcome-18	rejected-16	-dobj	the-17 outcome-18 of-19 the-20 presidential-21 poll-22 	has-15 rejected-16 
I do get stuck at Gregorian creatures .

The thrift has assets of $ 3.2 billion .

`` Over the last two years , the state of human rights in Malaysia has deteriorated with increasing numbers of people detained without trial under the Internal Security Act , with blanket police ban on assemblies , with restrictions to the right of free speech and expression and with further restrictive amendments to the election laws , all of which have further denied our democratic space , '' he added .
	state-9	added-70	-nsubj-ccomp	the-8 state-9 of-10 human-11 rights-12 in-13 Malaysia-14 	added-70 
The lawyers deemed it wise to do this now because one of Collignon 's questions is connected with the juridical consequences of a Lebanese amnesty law .

Thank you in advance for your consideration .

As far as the issue of foreign policy was concerned , Chavez sought to preserve the independence of his country in the face of American pressure .
	preserve-15	sought-13	-xcomp	to-14 preserve-15 the-16 independence-17 of-18 his-19 country-20 in-21 the-22 face-23 of-24 American-25 pressure-26 	sought-13 	independence-17	preserve-15	-dobj	the-16 independence-17 of-18 his-19 country-20 in-21 the-22 face-23 of-24 American-25 pressure-26 	to-14 preserve-15 
But separation will not mean an end to the occupation and no Israeli government can provide security as long as it persists in its efforts to maintain its presence beyond Israel 's pre-1967 borders and to retain territories inhabited by millions of Palestinians .

Both of these can be altered without altering the anticodon-codon matching mechanism .

However , it will be difficult for the Self-Defense Forces to provide logistic support to US forces attacking Iraq under a special antiterrorism law aimed at eradicating terrorism , which was enacted after terrorist attacks in the US on 11 September .

There is , however , just a hint of semantics in Shannon ' s view that the semantics resides in the `` decoder .
	semantics-18	view-15	-nsubj-ccomp	the-17 semantics-18 	view-15 
If confirmed by the Senate , O'Keefe jumps with both feet into this fiscal morass .

It was held during the ongoing 90th Session of the Chinese Export Commodities Fair from October 15 to 26 in this provincial capital of south China 's Guangdong Province .

By contrast , the relation between the word `` chair '' and that which it signifies , and on which I am now sitting , is arbitrary .

On Tuesday , 26 March , Kasyanov will address Russian and Mongolian entrepreneurs and visit Science and Technology University .

Then let ' s just be naive for the moment .

Seven months after having rejected the Kyoto Protocol because he considered it to be without scientific basis , detrimental to US economic interests , and unfair in not obliging medium-sized nations -LRB- like Brazil and India -RRB- to reduce their gas emissions in the same proportion as that imposed on industrialized countries , Bush made public the plan that , he promised , would not have any of the defects of the Kyoto Protocol and would achieve the same , if not better , results .
	the-6	having-4	-dep-dep	the-6 Kyoto-7 Protocol-8 	having-4 rejected-5 	the-6	considered-11	-dep-dep	the-6 Kyoto-7 Protocol-8 	considered-11 	the-6	promised-62	-dep-dep	the-6 Kyoto-7 Protocol-8 	promised-62 
Russia exports petroleum products , electricity , machinery and equipment to Mongolia and imports copper concentrate and meat .

This is not yet the association of a more or less arbitrary conditioned stimulus with an unconditioned stimulus , but I can imagine chemistry to accomplish the latter .

and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo. .

If the concept of autonomous agents were something like a useful or more , a proper definition of life itself , then autonomous agents span the gap from the merely physical to that new realm of the merely physical where `` purpose '' is ascribed by all of us to one another .

They make this request `` convinced of the Russian Federation 's resolute commitment to the Kyoto Protocol '' and believing that in this manner the EU and Russia would continue to show the `` leadership '' which they believe they have shared `` with such fruitful results , in international cooperation in the fight against climate change '' .

And the stunning fact directly before us , every day , is that autonomous agents do manipulate the world on their own behalf .

The cheetah streaking after the wildebeest , the athletic genius high jumping , have the know-how to do it .

It seems legitimate to extend that notion to much of the subtle signaling , chemical and otherwise , within and between autonomous agents , as exemplified by plants that upon infestation by a particular insect secrete a secondary metabolite chemical that `` warns '' other members of the same species that an insect infestation is happening and to turn on defensive anti-insect secondary metabolites .

December 1998 Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .

Goldin 's was to cut NASA 's budget .

But what the US Government does not emphasize is that the natural tendency of the economy is for services to increase their participation in the GDP , and for industrial activities , which are the biggest energy consumers , to diminish .

With a mandate to cut costs , Goldin implemented a `` faster , better , cheaper '' approach .
	cut-5	mandate-3	-vmod	cut-5 costs-6 	With-1 a-2 mandate-3 
`` Therefore , we have complete confidence that the instruments of ratification of the European Community and of the 15 member states will be able to be lodged with the Secretariat of the United Nations within the time scale anticipated , in other words , in early June of this year , '' they add .
	instruments-10	confidence-7	-nsubj-dep	the-9 instruments-10 of-11 ratification-12 of-13 the-14 European-15 Community-16 and-17 of-18 the-19 15-20 member-21 states-22 	have-5 complete-6 confidence-7 
I will content myself with wondering where `` value '' and the rudiments of `` intentionality '' come from in the physical universe in the first place and leave social contracts for other eorts .

With regard to the economic recovery on the other hand , the President announced his full support for the prime minister 's structural reform and measures to fight deflation .

`` The US strategy is beginning to work , '' -LRB- said a Foreign Ministry source -RRB- .

It turned out that the prime minister will shoulder the burden of firmly carrying out the reforms , and realizing early economic recovery as international pledges .
	recovery-23	realizing-20	-dobj	early-21 economic-22 recovery-23 	realizing-20 
Equality before the law '' is far more refined than the yuck or yum of the bacterium .

In the spring of 1992 , the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , `` had five spacecraft in space and three or four under development , '' he said last month .

The Enron scandal is already taking a significant political toll of the Bush team , which will tend to increase .

Moscow has expressed the wish to import more Mongolian meat .

Because of restrictions on foreign reporters in Zimbabwe , it was impossible to obtain direct government comment on Mr. Tsvangirai 's allegations .

Nevertheless , the most important reason for America 's concern was the issue of oil .

Of course , there is a sense in which my attribution of semantics to autonomous agents is purely tautological .

To help you see how much your contribution means , I 'm sharing with you The words of people who have lived Goodwill 's mission .

The turnover of goods between Russia and Mongolia has reached 240m dollars .

I would think a lot of this hierarchy could find molecular realizations .

It published a report , but not all the documents and interrogation reports were released , because they were deemed damaging to the state 's interests .
	they-18	deemed-20	-nsubjpass	they-18 	were-19 deemed-20 damaging-21 
The US has repeatedly suggested the possibility of its taking military action against the government of Iraqi President Saddam Husayn .
	government-15	suggested-5	-pobj-prep	the-14 government-15 of-16 Iraqi-17 President-18 Saddam-19 Husayn-20 	has-3 repeatedly-4 suggested-5 
On the other hand , while the definition is circular , like F = MA and Darwin ' s `` natural selection '' and `` fitness , '' that does not mean that the set of codefined concepts surrounding my definition of an autonomous agent as a reproducing system that does a work cycle fails to touch the real world .

The sources said an American message was delivered to the Foreign Ministry on Friday regarding the Bush administration 's claims that Hizbullah was contemplating a new military operation to mark the anniversary of the assassination of then-Hizbullah secretary-general Abbas Mussawi .
	message-6	said-3	-nsubjpass-ccomp	an-4 American-5 message-6 	said-3 	operation-28	contemplating-24	-dobj	a-25 new-26 military-27 operation-28 to-29 mark-30 the-31 anniversary-32 of-33 the-34 assassination-35 of-36 then-Hizbullah-37 secretary-general-38 Abbas-39 Mussawi-40 	was-23 contemplating-24 
I find his hierarchy congenial and informative .

Slapstick comedy may have started a long time ago .

The source , who had taken part in the operation , did not disclose its dates .

`` This action shows that the NGOs themselves do not acknowledge Suhakam and do not want to work with us , '' said Hamdan .
	action-3	acknowledge-11	-nsubj-ccomp	This-2 action-3 	do-9 not-10 acknowledge-11 
maker of biomedical products .

Right outside of Norwood in Stanley County .

He said the result was `` illegitimate '' and a clear case of `` highway robbery '' by Mugabe , his government and his party , Zanu-PF .
	result-4	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-3 result-4 	said-2 
Now entering Harvard , Dan spent a summer with me at the Santa Fe Institute before he learned to drive , after an earlier summer spent in the laboratory of Jack Szostak at Harvard , where , at age fourteen , Dan was learning to evolve RNA molecules to bind arbitrary ligands .

Washington has expressed concern to the Lebanese authorities about the possibility of a Hizbullah attack against Israel within the next couple of days , and requested that efforts be deployed to prevent such a development , official sources disclosed Friday .

Tomorrow , the Chamber for Indictments will begin the debate on Investigating Judge Collignon 's questions on the legitimacy of the case against Sharon .

In this restricted sense , signs are causally correlated with that which is signified .

In the letter , to which Efe has had access , Aznar and Prodi explain that on 4 March the council of EU environment ministers agreed the adoption of a decision for approval of the Kyoto Protocol on climate change on behalf of the European Community .

I believe it is clear that mere chemistry in an autonomous agent can harbor symbols and signs in the full senses of the words .
	clear-5	believe-2	-ccomp	it-3 is-4 clear-5 that-6 mere-7 chemistry-8 in-9 an-10 autonomous-11 agent-12 	believe-2 
Technical arguments could go on an on , and matter little here .

5:14 pm Sat May 4th , 2002 -- Thirty-two non-governmental organizations -LRB- NGOs -RRB- today said they have suspended all engagements with the Malaysian Human Rights Commission or Suhakam for 100 days since April 24 - when the latest appointments to the commission took effect .

But patience .

The emergence of ethics in the evolution of life on this planet is a fascinating issue .

Just to our cousins and all of us that hung around each other all the time .

He said beneficiaries of the program have included government ministers , MPs , army and police officials -- even Mr. Mugabe 's in-laws .

Thus he introduced reforms in the economic and commercial arenas , as well as in the oil -LRB- industry -RRB- .

Reality hit when he was unable to reconcile with his wife and ended up on the street .

`` The climate of insecurity obtaining in Zimbabwe since the 2000 parliamentary elections was such that the electoral process could not be said to adequately comply with the norms and standards for elections in the SADC region , '' the forum said in a statement .

Some , like Jerry , are ex-offenders .

Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support services that will help even more find jobs .

Senior generals and Sharon bore command responsibility -LRB- preceding two words published in English -RRB- for the militias ' actions .

At the next level -LRB- Dennett , perhaps properly , reserves this for us vertebrates -RRB- is the Popperian creature .

Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful employment .

Know-how '' involves procedural knowledge about how to get on in the world .

The Trustee referred him to the Blue Triangle where he consulted Goodwill 's Career Academy staff for job search assistance .

Know that is a thin veneer on a four-billion-year-old know-how skill abundant in the biosphere .

The offer , which values the whole of Coates at # 301 million , has already been accepted by Coates executives and other shareholders owning 12.4 % of the company .

So one -LRB- or a colony or an ecosystem -RRB- of Darwinian creatures adapts more or less as Darwin told us .

The semantics of an event is some subset of the fully embroidered , context-dependent set of causal implications of the event , or signal , in question .

In Latin and South America , Hugo Chavez established close and friendly relations with Cuban President Fidel Castro and invited him to visit his country .
	him-21	established-9	-dobj-conj	him-21 to-22 visit-23 his-24 country-25 	established-9 close-10 and-11 friendly-12 relations-13 	him-21	invited-20	-dobj	him-21 to-22 visit-23 his-24 country-25 	invited-20 
You can help them to know that feeling .

'' Mr. Tsvangirai asked .

This special commission investigated the Sabra and Shatila events in 1982-1983 .

The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions .

Meanwhile , Mr. Tsvangirai alleged , the land-reform plan , nominally launched to resettle one million poor families , is actually putting commercial farms in the hands of presidential cronies and members of the ruling party elite .

The Nikkei 's downside was supported by buybacks and bargain-hunting in reaction to the previous day 's 2 % fall , which left the index only a step away from the 10,000 line .

Carnival , which has three ships on order from Waertsilae Marine , presented claims for $ 1.5 billion damages in the bankruptcy court this week .

President Bush has nominated Sean O'Keefe , deputy director of the White House 's Office of Management and Budget , to replace him .

Sherry Because people want to work .

In any event , it is more than apparent that the United States intends to play a conspicuous role and exert increasing pressure as far as the oil issue is concerned .
	play-16	intends-14	-xcomp	play-16 a-17 conspicuous-18 role-19 and-20 exert-21 increasing-22 pressure-23 as-24 far-25 as-26 the-27 oil-28 issue-29 	intends-14 	play-16	concerned-31	-advcl	play-16 a-17 conspicuous-18 role-19 and-20 exert-21 increasing-22 pressure-23 as-24 far-25 as-26 the-27 oil-28 issue-29 	concerned-31 
The image is not too far from how it is imagined that `` idiotype '' and `` anti-idiotype '' immune networks work to sustain synthesis of a set of desired antibodies against an incoming pathogen .

Russian officers were not dispatched to Afghanistan either as unit leaders or as instructors , '' the official added .

Stones and chairs are not , by my definition , autonomous agents .

`` According to reports we have received , they are taken to the police to denounce the MDC , then to the war veterans , where they go through a public confession , '' Mrs. Eppel said .
	MDC-18	denounce-16	-dobj	the-17 MDC-18 	to-15 denounce-16 
`` O'Keefe is not known as a space enthusiast , '' says Keith Cowing , a former NASA scientist and editor of NASAWatch.com .
	enthusiast-9	known-5	-pobj-prep	space-8 enthusiast-9 	is-3 not-4 known-5 
You are not responsible for acts and eects beyond your control .

But this series is likely to form feedback loops because the first and third antibody can often both bind to the same site on the second antibody , hence , the first and third antibodies are similar shapes in shape space .

You citizens across the globe can argue the ethics .
	ethics-9	argue-7	-dobj	the-8 ethics-9 	argue-7 
I very much like Dennett ' s ladder of know-how , and eventual know that .

`` When the bill -LRB- Suhakam Act -RRB- was tabled in the parliament , our Foreign Affairs Minister -LRB- Syed Hamid Albar -RRB- promised that this would be a positive development in protecting and promoting human rights in Malaysia .
	this-26	promised-24	-nsubj-ccomp	this-26 	promised-24 
The first Lamizidivir tablets have been sold for VND 19,500 -LRB- $ 1.2 -RRB- since May of this year , under the permit from the Vietnam Pharmaceutical Control Department .

He also denied entry to those who received `` significant financial benefit '' from dealings with Zimbabwean officials who carried out Mugabe 's policies .

The Canadian prime minister , Jean Chretien , said the election `` does not look very good '' .
	election-11	said-9	-nsubj-ccomp	the-10 election-11 	said-9 
When I first came to Goodwill I was a single parent with little or no self-esteem .

It had already been known that Lebanese Phalangist militias , which perpetrated the massacres , cooperated closely with Israel , but according to the lawyers , various documents now indicate that Israel and the Phalange had planned the actions in the camps in advance , that Israel exercised complete control over the militias , and that , in the wake of the massacres , the Israeli army instructed the Phalange to assume responsibility .

`` The international community can support us so far , but it can never remove the shackles of repression , '' he said .
	us-7	support-6	-dobj	us-7 	can-5 support-6 	community-4	said-23	-nsubj-ccomp	The-2 international-3 community-4 	said-23 
France and Germany also indicated that the election had failed the ` free and fair ' test .
	election-8	indicated-5	-nsubj-ccomp	the-7 election-8 	indicated-5 
Waertsilae Marine 's biggest creditor is Miami-based Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. .

Cultural evolution , at some point , begins to burst out-of-bounds .

`` The Nikkei is fluctuating at a level which induces buybacks for technical reasons , '' said Kazunori Jinnai , general manager at the equity department of Daiwa Securities SMBC Co. .

The dethroning of Chavez by the Americans is a message that disobeying Uncle Sam would have cataclysmic consequences .

Uh-huh , all the time .

Dennett distinguishes `` Darwinian creatures , '' `` Pavlovian creatures , '' `` Popperian creatures , '' and `` Gregorian creatures .

`` In the meantime , we will monitor the commissioners in the discharge of their statutory duties in respect of the pending complaints and inquires , '' he said .

'' ... We have come across cases of people having to have a ZANU-PF card before they are allowed to buy from the Grain Marketing Board , '' which is the body that controls imports and sales .

Yet , I persistently hope , it is better to light one candle against .

But autonomous agents , we who do daily manipulate the world on our own behalf , we to whom `` intentionality '' and `` purpose '' are so inevitably attributed by our common languages , we are , by my definition of autonomous agents , also nothing but physical systems with a peculiar organization of processes and properties .

Mr. Stoiber seized it once the CDU made clear that it preferred him to its own chairwoman .
	him-13	preferred-12	-dobj	him-13 	preferred-12 
Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .

Beyond the Popperian is the Gregorian creature namely , at least humans .

Therefore , that so-called 18 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions could , in fact , represent a real increase in the absolute quantity of such gases .

Oy Waertsilae is to contribute 200 million markkaa , most of it as subordinated debt , and take a minority stake in the new company .

The biggest concern in that case would be Japan 's military support system .

`` Our concern is whether persons used to the role of policy implementors can objectively assess and critique executive policies which impinge on human rights , '' said Ramdas .
	policies-20	assess-16	-dobj	executive-19 policies-20 which-21 impinge-22 on-23 human-24 rights-25 	assess-16 
`` I believe the comments on the ` axis of evil ' reflect the firm resolve of President Bush and the United States against terrorism .
	comments-5	believe-3	-dobj	the-4 comments-5 on-6 the-7 `-8 axis-9 of-10 evil-11 	believe-3 
Mitsui Construction rose 1 yen to 46 yen after a daily newspaper said Wednesday that the company and Sumitomo Construction will soon begin negotiations on integrating their business operations , a report later denied by the companies .

No , not so much .

At the same time , Japan also plans to `` work on Iran and North Korea through Japan 's own diplomatic channels for settlement of the issue , '' -LRB- according to a government source -RRB- .
	work-11	plans-8	-xcomp	work-11 on-12 Iran-13 and-14 North-15 Korea-16 through-17 Japan-18 's-19 own-20 diplomatic-21 channels-22 for-23 settlement-24 of-25 the-26 issue-27 	plans-8 
It seems likely that in addition to its diplomatic efforts , the Japanese Government will be forced to take concrete actions , including improvement of its legal system , in case the United States takes military actions .

This enlarged shared world gives us more know-how , and more know that .

The new company will attempt to limit the shipyard 's losses , participants said .

It can not integrate itself into the region , it is an alien seedling and , thus , it is better to isolate and fortify itself as a lowly outpost .

The TOPIX hit a session low of 977.42 in early deals , falling below the post-bubble closing low of 980.11 logged on Oct. 15 , 1998 , for the first time in four trading days on an intraday basis .

The lawyers expect that the Public Prosecution Office will request Israel to confirm the documents ' authenticity .
	Israel-11	expect-3	-dobj-ccomp	Israel-11 	expect-3 	Israel-11	request-10	-dobj	Israel-11 	will-9 request-10 
The concerned agencies have launched an investigation into the incident .

Not yet , but she tries to .

In turn , the second `` anti-idiotype '' antibody stimulates a third , which stimulates a fourth .

For that purpose , Israeli troops were deployed en masse along the border over the last 48 hours , the security sources said .

Lebanese authorities expect the United States to curb such Israeli infractions , the official source added , rather than adopt Israeli claims and seek security for the Jewish state .
	States-6	expect-3	-dobj	the-4 United-5 States-6 to-7 curb-8 such-9 Israeli-10 infractions-11 	expect-3 	States-6	seek-24	-dobj-xcomp-conj-conj	the-4 United-5 States-6 to-7 curb-8 such-9 Israeli-10 infractions-11 	seek-24 	security-25	seek-24	-dobj	security-25 	seek-24 
It does not , of course , guarantee success at the polls -- or even solidarity in the campaign .

If Japan does not give any support to possible US attacks on Iraq despite its understanding of the axis of evil rhetoric , Bush 's expectations on the Koizumi administration will certainly change to disappointment .

The documents include meeting reports , and intelligence service and interrogation reports .

This left the impression that Japan stands alone on this issue because European countries have been cool to Bush 's `` axis of evil '' rhetoric .

Their one common goal : they all want to work .

Tokyo , Jan. 23 Kyodo -- The 225-issue Nikkei Stock Average managed to stay above the 10,000 line Wednesday morning thanks to gains by some semiconductor-related shares and automakers .

For example , bacteria and amoebae do have a kind of Pavlovian learning already , for they have receptors that accommodate to a constant level of a given signal ligand and sense instead a change from the current level .

Ethical behavior requires first the logical possibility of behavior for which one is responsible .

There is a strong view among officials of the government and the ruling parties that application of the law for special measures to deal with terrorism would be difficult because this law is limited to dealing with the September 11 terrorist attacks on the United States only .
	application-16	view-5	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj	application-16 of-17 the-18 law-19 for-20 special-21 measures-22 to-23 deal-24 with-25 terrorism-26 	strong-4 view-5 
But back to the past .

As of March , 2002 , 47,514 HIV carriers were discovered across the country , with 6,831 developing full-blown AIDS .

NTT hit a record low of 377,000 yen before ending the morning at 383,000 .

Yet when the first hard frost comes , when the birches have been swung , their crimson leaves scattered carelessly , when crystals splint shallow ponds and old egrets stand dark watch the coming dawn , long-legged , knowing how winter is thin , when the first phase transition of water to ice forms slight solidity across meadow streams , small creatures of flesh and concept tiptoe gingerly to some far side where , perhaps , something new is to be found .
	how-40	knowing-39	-dep-dep	how-40 winter-41 	knowing-39 
Elaborating further on the boycott , Ramdas said the NGOs will not hold any dialogues , send any memorandums or complaints to Suhakam .

There is very little doubt that Chavez did not voluntarily resign his office and was in fact removed from power by the army .

The CDU chose him because it believes in victory .
	him-4	chose-3	-dobj	him-4 	chose-3 	him-4	believes-7	-dobj-advcl	him-4 	believes-7 	it-6	chose-3	-nsubj-advcl	it-6 	chose-3 
The president was nowhere to be seen in Harare as his supporters took over the downtown streets of the capital , loudly celebrating his victory .
	victory-25	celebrating-23	-dobj	his-24 victory-25 	loudly-22 celebrating-23 
Ever since the President announced the `` axis of evil '' statement in January , Iran , Iraq , North Korea have been trying hard , out of the fear of possible confrontation with the United States , to deny their involvement in terrorism or proliferation of mass destruction weapons .
	with-34	deny-40	-prep-xcomp	possible-32 confrontation-33 with-34 the-35 United-36 States-37 	to-39 deny-40 	involvement-42	deny-40	-dobj	their-41 involvement-42 in-43 terrorism-44 or-45 proliferation-46 of-47 mass-48 destruction-49 weapons-50 	to-39 deny-40 
`` We are now looking at Suhakam as an institution to fulfill this promise , '' he stressed .
	We-2	stressed-18	-nsubj-ccomp	We-2 	stressed-18 
For as long as he needs it , Goodwill will continue to help .

Philosophers distinguish between `` know-how '' and `` know that .

The U.S. forces stationed in Japan provided video information of the vessel after detecting it via a military reconnaissance satellite on Dec. 18 .

We are seeking to build partnerships between businesses and our not-for-profit agency .

Because of this , Koizumi noted the need for the international community to cooperate in tackling Iraqi issues and enthusiastically asked Bush to not take the bold course of launching military action .
	Bush-22	asked-21	-dobj	Bush-22 to-23 not-24 take-25 the-26 bold-27 course-28 of-29 launching-30 military-31 action-32 	enthusiastically-20 asked-21 
In short , once we have autonomous agents and yuck and yum , it appears that semantics enters the universe as the agents coevolve and behave on their own behalf with one another in the unfolding of a biosphere .

After all , I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment , defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf , then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf .

Facing perhaps a legal challenge from the opposition to his contested electoral victory , Mugabe is becoming increasingly isolated on the international stage .

Now , five chapters later , it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter , energy , and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf .

But then , try to talk about tying your shoes or the skilled driving when you become aware some dozens of miles down the road that you have accomplished the tasks without paying the slightest focused attention .

The following day , Japanese defense officials were able to determine that the trawler was using the North Korean Workers ' Party radio frequency .

I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had , individually and collectively , the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world .

On behalf of some Palestinian survivors , lawyers Luc Walleyn and Michael Verhaeghe on 18 June filed a complaint with the Brussels Public Prosecution Office against Sharon and other Israeli and Lebanese persons deemed responsible for the massacres in Beirut .

With unemployment at its lowest point in years in central Indiana , many people still have a hard time finding meaningful employment .

She likes the pictures that pop out at you .
	pictures-4	likes-2	-dobj	the-3 pictures-4 	likes-2 
Venezuela is an important oil producing nation since its oil directly impacts crude prices in international markets .

Daniel Dennett , in his fine book Darwin ' s Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of `` knowing , '' if I may use that term , that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means .

ach of the chapters of Investigations broaches new territory .

There are arbitrary structural relations between the metabolite and the insect , just as symbols in human language are often arbitrary with respect to the signified .

`` In practice , the Phalangist militias operated directly under Israeli command .

Consider first the famous genetic code .

Unlike `` know that , '' `` know-how '' does not involve propositions about the world .

Mugabe was announced the winner with 56.1 percent of the vote , leaving Tsvangirai trailing behind with 42 percent .

The Kearny , N.J.-based maker of hair accessories and other cosmetic products said it cut the dividend due to its third-quarter loss of $ 992,000 , or 15 cents a share .

To act ethically , you must first be able to act at all .

The Kesas report irked Mahathir after it found the police guilty of using excessive force during a mass anti-government gathering along the Kesas highway on Nov 5 , 2000 .
	Mahathir-5	irked-4	-dobj	Mahathir-5 	irked-4 
Mussawi was killed on Feb. 17 , 1992 , when an Israeli helicopter fired a missile into his car in the South .

The new commissioners are retired Treasury deputy secretary-general Ramon Navaratnam , permanent representative to the United Nations Hasmy Agam , Institute of Islamic Understanding Malaysia -LRB- Ikim -RRB- director-general Dr Abdul Monir Yaacob , retired Education director-general Asiah Abu Samah and retired National Population and Family Development Board director-general Dr Raj Abdul Karim .

Nomura Holdings lost 19 yen to 1,533 yen in the wake of a 79 % dive in its group net profit in the April-December period from a year earlier .

Sumitomo Construction ended unchanged .

A robust economy helps by providing job opportunities , but to be honest , most of the people who are n't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest obstacles .

He suggested that the six major risks China will confront include the development of medium-sized and small enterprises , and the setting up of a sound social security system and a society ruled by law .
	risks-7	suggested-2	-nsubj-ccomp	the-4 six-5 major-6 risks-7 China-8 will-9 confront-10 	suggested-2 
He gained the votes of the vast majority of voters and immediately declared that the aim of his government was to eliminate poverty and injustice and guarantee the independence of his country in the face of foreign interference .
	independence-29	guarantee-27	-dobj	the-28 independence-29 of-30 his-31 country-32 in-33 the-34 face-35 of-36 foreign-37 interference-38 	guarantee-27 
I was born in Cottonville .

Even here , the free and open creating of new symbol strings in a language , wherever new sentences can be created , is not that fundamentally dierent from the persistent open creation of new kinds of molecules in the biosphere as a whole .

A ruling is expected by the end of this year or early next year .

An antisubmarine patrol aircraft was dispatched to the scene and located the vessel Saturday , three days after the authorities had received the information from the United States .

More important are two indisputable conclusions , both potentially embarrassing to the Bush administration and extremely threatening to the world as a whole .

The Namibians went as far as to say Zimbabwe 's election system was `` water tight , without room for rigging '' .
	system-12	say-8	-dobj	Zimbabwe-9 's-10 election-11 system-12 	went-3 as-4 far-5 as-6 to-7 say-8 
Well , my uncle was always telling stories and , uh , we had this house across the street from where I grew up that was old and he ever finished it .

My definition is a definitional circle .

`` The first targets are the farmers and their workers , then rural-area sympathizers , '' he said .

In this way , he sought to implement his policy of eliminating poverty .

Venezuela is the third largest exporter of oil within OPEC and the fourth as far as worldwide production is concerned .

If so , another cornerstone of ethical activity has been laid .

Future US modules were red-penciled .

The prime minister announced his cooperation with the United States because he fully understands that `` the United States needs Japan 's cooperation , '' -LRB- said a senior Foreign Ministry official -RRB- .
	cooperation-23	understands-14	-dobj-ccomp	Japan-21 's-22 cooperation-23 	fully-13 understands-14 	cooperation-23	needs-20	-dobj	Japan-21 's-22 cooperation-23 	needs-20 	States-19	understands-14	-nsubj-ccomp	the-17 United-18 States-19 	fully-13 understands-14 	States-19	needs-20	-nsubj	the-17 United-18 States-19 	needs-20 
He knew he had made a bad mistake , but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life , he just did n't count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path .
	he-3	knew-2	-nsubj-ccomp	he-3 	knew-2 
The detailed causal machinery involves transfer RNA molecules with their anticodon site and the distant site to which amino acids are attached , the aminoacyle transferase enzymes that charge the amino acid binding site of each transfer RNA with the proper amino acid among the twenty amino acids , the binding of the charged transfer RNA ' s anticodon site to the proper RNA code word triplet , the ribosome that glides between adjacent charged transfer RNA molecules and links the successive amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain that hangs free in the cytoplasm , tethered by the ribosome to the messenger RNA molecule as it is `` translated .

The semantics of the nail is some subset of this embroidered context-dependent set of implications of the event , or signal , in question to the autonomous agents in the coevolving system .

Wu Jinglian , a leading Chinese economist , said the WTO agenda sets a transition period of only five years for China 's adaption to the WTO rules and practices .

We humans are just more gregarious with our vocal cords and e-mail , I guess .

Indeed , aplysia can learn very simple conditioned stimuli the later analog is the bell causing the dog to salivate in `` expectation '' of food .

Before I got to Goodwill , I was on a mission .

At the next level up , say , aplysia , a nervous system is present , and the creature is capable of stimulus-response learning , a la Pavlov .

Our correspondent said that causes of the explosion , which took place in a house in Al-Saf Street in the city , are still unknown .

The long - standing ties Bush and several of his leading advisors have with these companies allow us to suppose an ultimate conflict of interests that would only increase with the government 's persistent alignment with their goals .
	allow-17	suppose-20	-xcomp	these-15 companies-16 allow-17 us-18 	to-19 suppose-20 
The most cogent argument in Mr. Stoiber 's favor is that he will be running as a hopeful and not as the ticket of last resort .

Certainly , Mr. Stoiber has done everything in his power to spare himself the fate of his mentor , Franz Josef Strauss .

The medicines , jointly produced by the Pharmaceutical Company MST and the Pharmaceutical Plant MST in Ho Chi Minh City , are made of Zidovudine and Lamivudine substances of GMP standards imported from the Republic of Korea and India .

Tsvangirai warned that his disenfranchised supporters were `` seething '' but implored them to stay calm .
	seething-9	warned-2	-ccomp	his-4 disenfranchised-5 supporters-6 were-7 ``-8 seething-9 ''-10 	warned-2 	seething-9	implored-12	-ccomp-conj	his-4 disenfranchised-5 supporters-6 were-7 ``-8 seething-9 ''-10 	implored-12 	them-13	warned-2	-dobj-conj	them-13 to-14 stay-15 calm-16 	warned-2 	them-13	implored-12	-dobj	them-13 to-14 stay-15 calm-16 	implored-12 
More than 80 per cent of its population live below the poverty line .

Venezuela is one of the largest oil producers and exporters in the world .

That has always been the basic premise for a CSU chairman to accept the candidacy on behalf of the bigger sister party .
	candidacy-15	accept-13	-dobj	the-14 candidacy-15 on-16 behalf-17 of-18 the-19 bigger-20 sister-21 party-22 	to-12 accept-13 
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold , but we also can not even translate in the sense of necessary and sucient conditions from legal talk to normal intentional talk , let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description .

Please make an investment in the stability of our community by sending a gift to Goodwill .

Hume told us long ago about the `` naturalistic fallacy '' : One can not deduce `` ought '' from `` is .

an analytical-instruments maker , and may seek control of the company .

Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. .
	acquire-13	intent-11	-xcomp	to-12 acquire-13 Automated-14 Custom-15 	signed-7 a-8 letter-9 of-10 intent-11 
Richard Truly 's ... was to help the agency recover from the Challenger disaster .

Thus , among other things , we must tell stories to understand the oriented actions of agents in their worlds .

Note we say the E. coli is swimming upstream in the glucose gradient to get dinner .

It presented its own scenario for scaling back the station .

This weekend , the agency bade farewell to administrator Daniel Goldin , who resigned after 10 years in office - an agency record .

to Thursday for $ 15.50 to $ 16.75 each .

The US had repeatedly asked Chavez and the Venezuelan government to increase the level of their oil output as well as exports .
	Chavez-6	asked-5	-dobj	Chavez-6 	repeatedly-4 asked-5 	increase-12	asked-5	-xcomp	the-8 Venezuelan-9 government-10 to-11 increase-12 the-13 level-14 of-15 their-16 oil-17 output-18 as-19 well-20 as-21 exports-22 	had-3 repeatedly-4 asked-5 
I can not buy Shannon ' s view unless the decoder is an autonomous agent .

He explained a view aimed at solving the issue through diplomatic and other means for the time being .

Cornell Each year , we help thousands of people who face tremendous obstacles .

The volume leader was machinery maker Yuken Kogyo , which shot up 28 yen to 152 yen .

I too know the risks , including the common claim that we can always in principle translate from `` intentional talk '' to the fully predictive causal account of the events in question .

But the agency 's credibility has come under fire in manned spaceflight - especially the International Space Station , now completing its first year of full-time crews .

In the year-ago quarter , the company reported net income of $ 1.9 million , or 29 cents a share .

After the World Trade Center and Pentagon tragedies , there were some who thought that Washington 's rapprochement with its traditional partners was inevitable , with the goal of defeating the threat of international terrorism .
	defeating-30	goal-28	-pcomp-prep	defeating-30 the-31 threat-32 of-33 international-34 terrorism-35 	goal-28 
The NGOs stressed the government has also failed to respect or recognize Suhakam 's recommendations and also lamented the decline of human rights in Malaysia .
	government-5	stressed-3	-nsubj-ccomp	the-4 government-5 	stressed-3 	government-5	respect-10	-nsubj	the-4 government-5 	to-9 respect-10 or-11 recognize-12 	government-5	lamented-18	-nsubj-conj	the-4 government-5 	lamented-18 	recommendations-15	respect-10	-dobj	Suhakam-13 's-14 recommendations-15 	to-9 respect-10 or-11 recognize-12 	decline-20	stressed-3	-dobj-conj-ccomp	the-19 decline-20 of-21 human-22 rights-23 in-24 Malaysia-25 	stressed-3 	decline-20	lamented-18	-dobj	the-19 decline-20 of-21 human-22 rights-23 in-24 Malaysia-25 	lamented-18 
A short while ago , our correspondent in Bethlehem said that Ra ` fat al-Bajjali was martyred of wounds he sustained in the explosion .
	al-Bajjali-15	said-10	-nsubjpass-ccomp	Ra-12 `-13 fat-14 al-Bajjali-15 	said-10 
Brussels - New confidential documents indicate that current Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the army 's former leadership were directly responsible for massacres in the Palestinian refugee camps of Sabra and Shatila in 1982 .

An incoming molecular species arriving in the interior of an autonomous agent really is -LRB- i -RRB- food ; -LRB- ii -RRB- poison ; -LRB- iii -RRB- a signal ; -LRB- iv -RRB- neutral ; -LRB- v -RRB- something else .

Moscow , 24 March : Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov is departing for Mongolia on Sunday afternoon -LRB- 25 March -RRB- on an official visit , the premier 's press secretary , Tatyana Razbash , told ITAR-TASS .

As many as 3,780 died of the disease .

In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million .

Because you are an organization that cares , you are invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a corporate sponsor for JCC Auction ' 99 .

Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample auction book from last year 's event , JCC market statistics and an overview of the many programs that will be preserved and strengthened through your generous support .

Four billion years of yammering .

I made it home .

I like working and making money .
	working-3	like-2	-xcomp	working-3 	like-2 
If not , then the decoder merely transforms a bit string sent along a communication channel into some other discrete or continuous dynamics perhaps a set of water-filled bowls is drained by turning on a machine that opens valves between the bowls and to the outside world in particular ways .

Brokers said chip-related issues in Tokyo got a boost from an international trade association saying North America-based manufacturers of semiconductor equipment saw orders and shipments rise in December .

The South African observer team blamed the long lines of voters unable to vote despite waiting many hours on `` administrative oversights '' , a description that drew audible laughter from journalists and diplomats attending their press conference in the capital , Harare on Wednesday .
	lines-9	blamed-6	-dobj	the-7 long-8 lines-9 of-10 voters-11 unable-12 to-13 vote-14 	blamed-6 	vote-14	drew-28	-prep-pcomp-prep-pobj-appos-rcmod	the-7 long-8 lines-9 of-10 voters-11 unable-12 to-13 vote-14 	drew-28 audible-29 laughter-30 
U.S. officials said the administration may freeze assets of Zimbabwean officials involved in the alleged rigging of the democratic process .
	administration-5	said-3	-nsubj-ccomp	the-4 administration-5 	said-3 
But the reality is that `` there are many problems , including role sharing in joint actions with the US military , that we need to settle if we want to apply the law , '' -LRB- said a Defense Agency source -RRB- .

It is simple at its roots , you see .

Mostly , she just looks at the pictures .

I know that the earth circles the sun , that the earth is roughly spherical , that chairs are used to sit on .

In its simplest version , the creature evolves by mutation , also recombination and natural selection .

Facts are know-that statements .

Smart place , a biosphere , lots to talk about .

It is possible that if the US military attack Iraq , Japan , which has shown understanding of the axis of evil remark , will be asked to provide active support to the US as it did during US attacks on Afghanistan .

said it purchased 93 % of a unit of Henley Group Inc. .

Nonetheless , he will be made to realize that he can not command the CDU , that his power base lies in Munich and not in Berlin , and that the invitation of kingmakers to accept the crown comes at a cost .
	he-10	realize-8	-nsubj-ccomp	he-10 	will-4 be-5 made-6 to-7 realize-8 
But know-how preceded know that .

Indeed , Hume ' s injunction underlies the caution of scientists about making ethical statements .

The unit makes intravenous pumps used by hospitals and had more than $ 110 million in sales last year , according to Advanced Medical .

The eorts following Hume to understand the meaning of ethical assertions have been long , twisted , arduous .

This issue is closely intertwined with America 's policies towards the Middle East .

The government is floundering , more seriously than anyone would have thought six months ago .
	government-2	thought-12	-nsubj-advcl	The-1 government-2 	would-10 have-11 thought-12 
The company also adopted an anti-takeover plan .

It did n't matter what the job was , I just wanted one .

That Angela Merkel , the chairwoman of the Christian Democratic Union , wanted the job had long been an open secret , although no one but she knew how far she was prepared to go .
	job-15	wanted-13	-nsubj-ccomp	the-14 job-15 	wanted-13 	job-15	knew-28	-nsubj-dep	the-14 job-15 	knew-28 
In Osaka , the near-term March Nikkei 225 index futures contract advanced 40 points to 10,090 .

Know that '' concerns propositions , most conveniently , human propositions .
	propositions-5	concerns-4	-dobj	propositions-5 	concerns-4 
However , it will be difficult for Japan to provide support to the US , as it did when the US attacked Afghanistan , if US forces launch military action against Iraq .

Granted that we here seem to confront the language game circularity alluded to earlier , yet I do truly think that the rudiments of semantics , intentionality , value , and ethics arise with autonomous agents .

This is no criticism , and is widely known and appreciated .

Oil prices took a sharp downward trend after the quiet semi-coup d'etat by the American affiliated Venezuelan army generals who deposed the popularly elected president of Venezuela Hugo Chavez on Friday .

Pass me some more glucose please , Martha .

Rather than force himself on the CDU , he waited to be called .

Like it or not , the glucose gradient is a sign , a predictor , of `` more glucose that way .

And I think we have roughly the Darwinian criteria in mind .
	we-4	think-3	-nsubj-ccomp	we-4 	think-3 
The first problem pointed out by critics is that Bush has created a new concept , that of `` greenhouse gas intensity , '' which could be defined as the volume of gas emissions divided by GDP .

Indeed , as I have emphasized before , a biosphere is a self-consistent coconstruction of autonomous agents , ways of making a living , and the search procedures , mutation , recombination , as well as behavioral search open to autonomous agents .

One of the main objectives of his policies was to properly utilize Venezuela 's vast natural riches , namely oil .

March 17 , 2000 Name Address City , ST , Zip Dear Name : When Jerry was released from prison , he knew it would take hard work and determination to straighten out his life .
	it-24	knew-23	-nsubj-ccomp	it-24 	knew-23 
Know that '' brings with it the standard and nonstandard issues of the truth or falseness of propositions as they report states of the world .

Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs .

Gradually , this led to the formation of a coalition .

Popperian creatures , in Dennett ' s fine phrase , have `` internal models '' of their world and can `` run the internal model '' with the clutch disengaged , rather than running the model in real time in the real world .

It has n't made merger overtures to the board .

Moreover , America also openly opposed Chavez 's policies of establishing friendly relations with certain countries that pursued independent regional and international policies .
	regional-20	pursued-18	-dobj	independent-19 regional-20 and-21 international-22 policies-23 	pursued-18 
Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September .

totally off of welfare .

We are on shaky ground .

According to the sources , US fears were based on Israeli information about such a likelihood .

Moscow and Ulaanbaatar are continuing a political dialogue , actively developing bilateral trade , and consulting each other on international problems where their stands coincide or are close .

Unilateral separation without a negotiated agreement could be realized - only if Israel is willing to uproot around 100 settlements .
	uproot-17	willing-15	-xcomp	uproot-17 around-18 100-19 settlements-20 	is-14 willing-15 
Basically , the Bush plan makes the reduction in pollution gas emissions conditional on the Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- growth rate .

In doing so , the White House is swapping the silver-visored helmet of a space cadet for the green eyeshade of a consummate bean counter .

International reaction to the controversial re-election of Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe to another six year term varied widely .
	re-election-6	reaction-2	-pobj-prep	the-4 controversial-5 re-election-6 of-7 Zimbabwean-8 president-9 Robert-10 Mugabe-11 	reaction-2 
However , despite the passage of 170 years since its independence , it is one of the poorest countries in the world .

New loans continue to slow ; they were $ 6.6 million in the quarter compared with $ 361.8 million a year ago .

In such networks , for which there is modestly good evidence , a given first antibody serves as an antigen that stimulates the body to produce a second antibody that binds to the unique amino acid sequences , called the `` idiotype '' of the first antibody .

Under Goldin , unmanned craft found evidence of water on the moon , inaugurated a long-term program to explore Mars , and opened the door to competition from the aerospace industry and universities to plan and execute missions .

Triplets of nucleotides in an RNA molecule stand for specific amino acids that will end up incorporated into a protein .

The NGOs also expressed concern over the appointment of five new commissioners which has led to Suhakam being made up mostly of retired civil servants .
	appointment-8	expressed-4	-pobj-prep	the-7 appointment-8 of-9 five-10 new-11 commissioners-12 	expressed-4 concern-5 
Shawqi Khatib , chairman of the monitoring committee of the Israeli Arab leadership , said Arabs would be hardest hit if the government approves the cutbacks in child benefits .
	cutbacks-26	approves-24	-dobj	the-25 cutbacks-26 in-27 child-28 benefits-29 	approves-24 
Mr. Tsvangirai , the 50-year-old leader of the Movement for Democratic Change , alleged in an interview that a starvation policy is part of a major campaign of retribution the ruling ZANU-PF has waged against him and his supporters .
	policy-21	alleged-14	-nsubj-ccomp	a-19 starvation-20 policy-21 	alleged-14 
Valley Federal is currently being examined by regulators .

Israelis do not wonder any longer how to get along with Palestinians but how to avoid the need for it .
	get-9	wonder-4	-dep	get-9 along-10 with-11 Palestinians-12 but-13 how-14 to-15 avoid-16 the-17 need-18 	do-2 not-3 wonder-4 
The broader Tokyo Stock Price Index -LRB- TOPIX -RRB- of all First Section issues was down 2.73 points , or 0.28 % , to 982.40 .

Another possibility is the banning of commercial export licenses of defense articles and services .

The opposition leader has denied the charge all along , and although he was reluctant to go into depth about a case still before the courts , he did make brief reference to the prosecution 's star witness , Montreal-based consultant and former Israeli intelligence agent Ari Ben-Menashe , who may or may not travel to Zimbabwe for the trial .
	charge-7	denied-5	-dep	the-6 charge-7 	has-4 denied-5 
Early on , the Bush administration planned to scale back US involvement to a `` core '' station with a crew of three instead of six .

Now , I 'm on a journey .

We have lacked a physical definition of an autonomous agent , able to manipulate the universe on its own behalf the egret whose foreboding of winter leads to lifted wing and steady , powerful flight .

The price of crude had taken a dramatic upsurge in the aftermath of the ever-deteriorating Middle East crisis , the unilateral cut off of Iraqi oil by Saddam Hussein and similar threats by several other oil producing countries .

From the fact that mothers care for their young , we can not deduce that they ought to do so , Hume argued .

Ground corn , known locally as `` mealie meal , '' is the staple diet of millions of Zimbabweans who can afford little else .

U.S. President George Bush added his voice on Wednesday night , categorically rejecting Zimbabwe 's presidential poll .
	poll-17	rejecting-13	-dobj	Zimbabwe-14 's-15 presidential-16 poll-17 	categorically-12 rejecting-13 
But he focused on the violence and hunger that have plagued many Zimbabweans since the controversial presidential election , at least in part a state-orchestrated operation aimed at crushing the opposition , he said .
	operation-26	focused-3	-dobj	the-5 violence-6 and-7 hunger-8 that-9 have-10 plagued-11 many-12 Zimbabweans-13 since-14 the-15 controversial-16 presidential-17 election-18 ,-19 at-20 least-21 in-22 part-23 a-24 state-orchestrated-25 operation-26 	focused-3 on-4 	operation-26	aimed-27	-vmod	the-5 violence-6 and-7 hunger-8 that-9 have-10 plagued-11 many-12 Zimbabweans-13 since-14 the-15 controversial-16 presidential-17 election-18 ,-19 at-20 least-21 in-22 part-23 a-24 state-orchestrated-25 operation-26 	aimed-27 at-28 crushing-29 	opposition-31	crushing-29	-dobj	the-30 opposition-31 	aimed-27 at-28 crushing-29 
Orkem , France 's third-largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .

Thinking of building a Great Wall of China in the Middle East , replete with elaborate fences and tunnels , is conceding that Israel is not safe , not a normal country .
	Israel-24	Thinking-1	-nsubj-ccomp-nsubj	Israel-24 	Thinking-1 	Israel-24	conceding-22	-nsubj-ccomp	Israel-24 	is-21 conceding-22 
Nor will Mr. Stoiber have any illusions of what it means to lead an election campaign , although he can be confident in the knowledge that what is at stake is not Edmund Stoiber , nor the Union , but Germany as a whole .

`` The NGOs note with deep concern that the government has largely ignored Suhakam 's maiden report and its freedom of assembly report .
	report-17	note-4	-dobj-ccomp	Suhakam-14 's-15 maiden-16 report-17 and-18 its-19 freedom-20 of-21 assembly-22 report-23 	note-4 with-5 deep-6 concern-7 	report-17	ignored-13	-dobj	Suhakam-14 's-15 maiden-16 report-17 and-18 its-19 freedom-20 of-21 assembly-22 report-23 	has-11 largely-12 ignored-13 	government-10	note-4	-nsubj-ccomp	the-9 government-10 	note-4 with-5 deep-6 concern-7 	government-10	ignored-13	-nsubj	the-9 government-10 	has-11 largely-12 ignored-13 
But he let slip the opportunities to turn back , because the forces that drive him -- his desire to affect change , his sense of duty to his peers and his ambition -- would not permit him to pass up the biggest chance of his political life .
	affect-21	desire-19	-vmod	affect-21 change-22 	desire-19 
`` One can say this with a large degree of confidence as , in the past two months , Khattab has not made his presence obvious in any way - he has n't been on air , and actions by militants in the region controlled by Khattab are uncoordinated too .

Therefore , the Japanese Government will be forced to introduce diverse legislation for the purpose of giving cooperation for US military actions .

All three observer teams noted long queues and delays in chaotic voting .

Semantics enters with purpose .

The opposition leader commended Canada and other countries for invoking sanctions against Mr. Mugabe 's regime .
	Canada-5	commended-4	-dobj	Canada-5 and-6 other-7 countries-8 	commended-4 
That position chimed closely with views expressed by the main Zimbabwean monitoring group , the Zimbabwe Election Support Network which had 400 observers monitoring the poll and have been heavily critical .

Although the Japanese Government has expressed understanding of Bush 's axis of evil remark , it does not hope to see the US taking military action .
	see-21	hope-19	-xcomp	to-20 see-21 the-22 US-23 taking-24 military-25 action-26 	does-17 not-18 hope-19 	taking-24	see-21	-dep	the-22 US-23 taking-24 military-25 action-26 	to-20 see-21 
`` Food is now a major issue , '' said Shari Eppel of Amani Trust , a human-rights organization .

He also spoke about the support his country 's opposition movement has received from abroad , and his pending trial on treason charges , both issues with Canadian connections .

Dennett makes the wonderful argument that we utilize our tools literally stone knives , arrows , digging sticks , machine tools to enlarge our shared world of facts and processes .

Speaking on behalf of the NGOs , human rights organization , Hakam president Ramdas Tikamdas said the boycott was to protest the government 's poor response to Suhakam 's numerous recommendations thus far .
	response-26	protest-21	-dobj	the-22 government-23 's-24 poor-25 response-26 to-27 Suhakam-28 's-29 numerous-30 recommendations-31 	to-20 protest-21 
If we synthesize autonomous agents in the next decades and they coevolve under our rapt gaze over months or years into a modestly complex ecosystem brimming with novel life forms , they too will know how to make a living in their mutually created world plus the boundary conditions we more or less intelligently impose on them .

It is not much of a stretch to think of the immune system as a conditioned stimulus response system .

Please pay attention to a commentary on this issue .

But Jerry 's troubles did n't end there .

Regarding the `` axis of evil , '' the prime minister explained his resolve to buckle down on the issue , while continuously cooperating with the United States .
	issue-20	cooperating-24	-dep	buckle-16 down-17 on-18 the-19 issue-20 	continuously-23 cooperating-24 	buckle-16	resolve-14	-vmod	buckle-16 down-17 on-18 the-19 issue-20 	resolve-14 
Nor has Interfax been able to obtain confirmation from any other source .

Therefore , it seems that the coup d'etat in Venezuela should be assessed as a plot that was hatched for that purpose .
	d'etat-8	assessed-13	-nsubjpass	the-6 coup-7 d'etat-8 in-9 Venezuela-10 	assessed-13 
The announcement of a plan that is supposedly an alternative to the Kyoto Protocol , but which in practice rejects it in a way that can not be taken seriously by the countries who committed themselves to it -LRB- among which is Brazil -RRB- , only deserves rejection in response and to provoke in retrospect an enormous concern about what the only world superpower intends in future .

Each is tentative and incomplete , pointing but not fully adequate .

Last year , Goodwill helped 3,300 people find jobs that increased their self-sufficiency .

There are deep reasons for caution .

Mmm , basically , something different .

But the sources reaffirmed that Lebanon remained committed to its position regarding the situation on the border , where violations of the UN 's so-called `` Blue Line '' are usually committed by Israel .

Sharon has ensured that Israelis are rapidly absorbing the lesson that no place in Israel can be considered safe .

HARARE -- Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai has accused Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe of deliberately withholding food from some areas of the drought-ravaged country as punishment for not voting the correct way in March 's election .
	Mugabe-12	accused-8	-dobj	Zimbabwean-9 President-10 Robert-11 Mugabe-12 	has-7 accused-8 
Thus `` equality before the law '' is one contract that Rawls commends to us .

At a meeting of several officials held at the outset of the summit , the President first took up economic issues and then referred to his `` axis of evil '' remark .

Emissions of these gases should rise at a slower pace than that of the GDP , he says .

This will lead us to the issue of exercising the right of collective self-defense .

Subcontractors will be offered a settlement and a swift transition to new management is expected to avert an exodus of skilled workers from Waertsilae Marine 's two big shipyards , government officials said .
	transition-10	expected-15	-nsubjpass	a-8 swift-9 transition-10 to-11 new-12 management-13 	is-14 expected-15 
Sharon says flatly he will not withdraw from a single settlement .

Ramdas said the government 's failure to adhere to the commission 's recommendations creates the impression that Suhakam is nothing but `` a mere public relations tool '' .

Hard rock music jangles the minarets of Iran .

European countries are critical of Bush 's `` axis of evil '' remark .

`` There is no struggle without casualties , but we do n't want to engineer any reckless action , '' he cautioned .
	struggle-5	cautioned-22	-nsubj-ccomp	struggle-5 without-6 casualties-7 	cautioned-22 	engineer-15	want-13	-xcomp	to-14 engineer-15 any-16 reckless-17 action-18 	do-11 n't-12 want-13 
Chavez 's policies were aimed at eliminating injustice and poverty in his country .

Following Iran 's proposal on cutting off the supply of oil to countries that support Israel for one month , which was supported by some oil-exporting countries , there was an increasing probability that Venezuela would also support -LRB- the proposal -RRB- .
	Israel-16	support-15	-dobj	Israel-16 	support-15 
The official did not rule out the possibility of seeing such animosity reflect negatively on relations with Lebanon and Syria - and on the region in general - on the eve of the Arab summit scheduled for March in Beirut .

through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .
	continue-12	expects-10	-xcomp	to-11 continue-12 to-13 evaluate-14 an-15 acquisition-16 from-17 time-18 to-19 time-20 	expects-10 
I suppose I am naively driven to consider that the biosphere , with its urgent diversity in which , emboldened by all our know-how , we do get on with a very rich conversation , may very early already have harbored all the levels of which Dennett speaks .
	driven-6	suppose-2	-ccomp	I-3 am-4 naively-5 driven-6 to-7 consider-8 	suppose-2 
The acceptances give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company .

U.S. President Bush said Wednesday that flaws in Zimbabwe 's election will prevent the United States from recognizing the government 's claim that incumbent Robert Mugabe was the winner .

Export-dependent automakers also contributed to the Nikkei 's rise , with Toyota Motor gaining 20 yen to 3,470 yen and Honda Motor 70 yen to 5,230 yen .

African observers generally approved of his victory , while Western governments denounced it .
	victory-7	approved-4	-pobj-prep	his-6 victory-7 	generally-3 approved-4 	it-13	approved-4	-dobj-advcl	it-13 	generally-3 approved-4 	it-13	denounced-12	-dobj	it-13 	denounced-12 
As this indicates , discussion on the `` axis of evil '' was the main purpose of the President 's visit to Japan .

Russia 's Ambassador to Mongolia Oleg Derkovskiy believes that there are no problems in relations between the two states and the common border stretching for 3,500 kilometres is a border of peace and good neighbourliness .

Plants , as noted , are said to signal one another with complex secondary metabolites to characterize the particular kinds of insects infesting the glade .

Zaydan said the proposed cut in child benefits would deal a body blow to all those already classed as being below the poverty line .

Of the more than 42,000 people Goodwill served in 1999 , over 5,000 of them have multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job .

However , Chavez who is known for his ala Fidel Castro left-leaning anti-American philosophy had on a number of occasions rebuffed US requests for more oil exports .
	requests-23	rebuffed-21	-dobj	US-22 requests-23 for-24 more-25 oil-26 exports-27 	rebuffed-21 	Chavez-3	known-6	-rcmod	Chavez-3 	is-5 known-6 
Walleyn are Verhaeghe are convinced of the authenticity of the documents .

Without invoking consciousness , not because it is not worth invoking but because so little sensible has ever been said on the subject , it seems worth asking how much of this hierarchy could be realized by simple molecular systems , even without evoking nerve cells .

But the consequences of the divorce between the US and the international community in the Kyoto Protocol case could be even more serious .

Maureen Because turning welfare recipients into tax payers just makes sense .

It seems that the government will enact the law for emergencies in an area surrounding Japan if the United States takes military actions against North Korea .

The same is true of the transfer RNA where the anticodon site is distant from the amino acid binding site .

All living cells are .

To tighten the noose around the `` axis of evil , '' the Japanese Government will seek understanding and cooperation from European countries that are critical of the President .

According to Belgian and international criminal law , they could be held responsible , '' Verhaeghe said .

Jerry 's Goodwill caseworker found him a job immediately .

I had my second chance to change my life .

Waertsilae Marine 's bankruptcy proceedings began Tuesday in a Helsinki court .

By a margin of 2-1 , Israelis think Sharon has no plan to end the violence and the buffer idea buttresses this long-standing view .
	Sharon-9	think-8	-nsubj-ccomp	Sharon-9 	think-8 
The arbitrariness of the genetic code is exemplified by the evolution of novel transfer RNA molecules , which translate a given messenger RNA code word triplet into a dierent amino acid .

A few days after filing the complaint , the lawyers received a stack of documents in Hebrew and in English regarding the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon and the Sabra and Shatila events .

A total disengagement from the Palestinians , complete with walls and razor wire , might provide Israel its long-desired security and might free it of the burden of trying to control seven million desperate Palestinians , any number of whom are willing to die in order to end the occupation .

Western governments disagree .

Some are blind , deaf or have other physical disabilities .

Instead of resorting to such measures , the commissioner said the NGOs should work with Suhakam for the advancement of human rights in this country .

Annan acknowledged that he was receiving conflicting reports about the conduct of the poll .
	he-4	acknowledged-2	-nsubj-ccomp	he-4 	acknowledged-2 
But I sense that the distinction between doings and happenings , Dan ' s happy phrasing , is relevant for E. coli , tigers , us , trees , and autonomous agents in general .
	relevant-19	sense-3	-ccomp	the-5 distinction-6 between-7 doings-8 and-9 happenings-10 ,-11 Dan-12 '-13 s-14 happy-15 phrasing-16 ,-17 is-18 relevant-19 for-20 E.-21 coli-22 	sense-3 
The situation is that the bankruptcy court will get out of the shipbuilding business .

The next mission for NASA could be to steer soaring space-station costs back toward earth and restore credibility to what many call a dysfunctional space program .

But if the recipient is an autonomous agent such as a bacterium and the incoming molecule is a symbol-sign of a paramecium or an amoeba on the roam and the bacterium swims away and avoids becoming dinner , that sequence of events seems laden with semantics .

To cut the station 's scope , they argue , violates international agreements and would essentially close off international use of the station .
	cut-2	argue-9	-advcl	To-1 cut-2 the-3 station-4 's-5 scope-6 	argue-9 
On Tuesday night , Kasyanov will wind up his Mongolian tour and leave for Vietnam for an official visit .

I really like my job .
	job-5	like-3	-dobj	my-4 job-5 	really-2 like-3 
The bulk of the pretax charge is a $ 62 million write-off of capitalized servicing at the mobile home financing subsidiary , which the company said had been a big drain on earnings .

The United Nations World Food Program warned last week that as many as 1.5 million Zimbabweans face starvation from the drought , compounded by government-sponsored invasions of white-owned commercial farms that have crippled production of maize and wheat .

The Second Section index shed 17.02 points to 1,675.10 on a volume of 7.06 million shares .

The source , interviewed by Interfax in Grozny , expressed confidence that that the command of the Russian forces in Chechnya would soon `` be able to obtain documentary confirmation '' that Khattab was dead .
	command-15	expressed-10	-nsubj-ccomp	the-14 command-15 of-16 the-17 Russian-18 forces-19 in-20 Chechnya-21 	expressed-10 confidence-11 
In short , chemistry allows arbitrary organizations of control relations .

He then clarified a posture wherein Japan would cooperate with the United States as much as possible .

