During a trial in New York in 1998 , an al-Qa ` eda suspect used a comb to stab a prison warder through the eye into his brain .

President Chavez - a former Army coup-meister himself , who was elected three years ago - has abused his popular mandate with heavy-handed measures based on a Constitution largely rewritten by himself and his supporters .

The duo calculates that by reducing methane emissions by 30 percent , for example , the effect on climate would be comparable to the effect from cuts in CO 2 envisioned by the Kyoto Protocol during its first commitment period , which runs from 2008 to 2012 .

In fact , Martens admitted that this volume of crude exports has not been achieved this year .
	Martens-4	admitted-5	-nsubj	Martens-4 	admitted-5 
They , along with the extremist gang in the Israeli government , do not want to understand that Arafat symbolizes the Palestinian struggle .
	Arafat-19	symbolizes-20	-nsubj	Arafat-19 	symbolizes-20 	They-1	want-15	-nsubj	They-1 	do-13 not-14 want-15 to-16 understand-17 
`` God is great , God is great , '' the officer chants in Arabic through a loudspeaker .
	officer-12	chants-13	-nsubj	the-11 officer-12 	chants-13 
James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds-service group , will retire .

Voters lined up for hours at polling stations , many of them in vain .
	Voters-1	lined-2	-nsubj	Voters-1 	lined-2 up-3 
Hugo Chavez managed to demonstrate astonishing political resistance .

He said that growth on Saudi Arabia s IT spending expected to rise by 34 percent in the next four years will bring Saudi-based businesses capabilities to compete on national and international markets .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
And they were very poor by this point , and they had , I think , seven children .
	I-14	think-15	-nsubj	I-14 	think-15 
He showed journalists proof of his statement : a president 's belt , a symbol of power that did not belong to Hugo Chavez .

Well , good .

Oh , I have lived in Charlotte , um , for a year .

The real secret of the ballot box will never be revealed .

Vice-president Diosdado Cabello believes that the Venezuelan coup was thoroughly planned beforehand .
	Cabello-3	believes-4	-nsubj	Vice-president-1 Diosdado-2 Cabello-3 	believes-4 
`` One would have to talk in depth with the Finance Secretariat 's people to hear the criteria that they used to establish that benchmark , '' he claimed , declining to give details on the manner in which the federal government 's secretariats establish the price of crude in the General Criteria for Economic Policy .
	he-28	claimed-29	-nsubj	he-28 	claimed-29 
I do n't believe they have the culture '' to adequately service high-net-worth individuals , he adds .
	I-1	believe-4	-nsubj	I-1 	do-2 n't-3 believe-4 	I-1	adds-17	-nsubj-ccomp	I-1 	adds-17 	he-16	believe-4	-nsubj-ccomp	he-16 	do-2 n't-3 believe-4 	he-16	adds-17	-nsubj	he-16 	adds-17 
Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 .

He has declared that US contacts will continue with Arafat considering that he is the elected Palestinian chairman .
	He-1	declared-3	-nsubj	He-1 	has-2 declared-3 
Police seized 33,9000 euros -- believed to be earnings from smuggling operations -- in the apartment of the 35-year-old suspected ringleader .

The Pentagon provided few details about the flight , but senior military officials said more than 40 specially trained military police officers guarded the prisoners on the flight , which was expected to make one stop before reaching Cuba , possibly as early as Friday morning .
	officials-13	said-14	-nsubj	senior-11 military-12 officials-13 	said-14 
`` It somewhat softens its tone in the China human rights report .

International criticism of conditions at the makeshift camp have grown since the first detainees were transferred from Afghanistan earlier this month .
	International-1	criticism-2	-amod	International-1 	criticism-2 
Out in the D.C. area , they looked positively exciting next to all the government-oriented contractors .
	they-7	looked-8	-nsubj	they-7 	looked-8 positively-9 
Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts .

None has yet been charged with a crime , but Washington has maintained that the prisoners are being treated humanely .
	Washington-11	maintained-13	-nsubj	Washington-11 	has-12 maintained-13 
The planners committed one more mistake when they dissolved the National Assembly and Supreme Court right after the coup .
	planners-2	committed-3	-nsubj	The-1 planners-2 	committed-3 
`` The US authorities would not like to have it -LRB- Mexico -RRB- as a trading partner and , at the same time , close to OPEC , '' he observed .
	authorities-4	like-7	-nsubj	The-2 US-3 authorities-4 	would-5 not-6 like-7 	authorities-4	observed-31	-nsubj-ccomp	The-2 US-3 authorities-4 	observed-31 	he-30	like-7	-nsubj-ccomp	he-30 	would-5 not-6 like-7 	he-30	observed-31	-nsubj	he-30 	observed-31 
In terms of market , the Mexican exports do not play an important role , but the support for OPEC on the part of Mexico , Venezuela , and Saudi Arabia in 1998 and 1999 lent credibility to the policy of cutbacks , and achieved the recovery of prices .

His two-day removal from office began when he tried to stack the board of the state-owned oil company in his favor .

Um , I do n't know if they were farmers or not , but I know they were land owners , um , many acres and , um , her grandmother was raised in wealth .
	I-3	know-6	-nsubj	I-3 	do-4 n't-5 know-6 	I-3	know-16	-nsubj-conj	I-3 	know-16 	I-15	know-6	-nsubj-conj	I-15 	do-4 n't-5 know-6 	I-15	know-16	-nsubj	I-15 	know-16 
A sign pointing to Mecca has just been erected , but the defeated fighters are never allowed to forget that America , their sworn enemy , now controls them .

The target capacity is 2,000 .

It signed the Optional Protocols to Convention on the Rights of Child .

During Shaath 's visit , a regular session of the Russian - Palestinian working committee on the Middle East is to be held .

Indeed , it was clear since the very beginning that Pedro Carmona , who proclaimed himself interim president would care very little for improving ordinary people 's lives .

Earlier on Wednesday , the US military resumed controversial flights of heavily guarded Al Qaeda and Taliban captives from Afghanistan to a naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , a senior US official said .
	official-34	said-35	-nsubj	a-31 senior-32 US-33 official-34 	said-35 
US peace Envoy Burns has expressed this after his meeting with president Mubarak .

And although I never met my grandfather , I have never forgotten that story and when I hear of him I think what a wonderful , wonderful person he must have been .
	I-9	forgotten-12	-nsubj	I-9 	have-10 never-11 forgotten-12 	I-9	think-22	-nsubj-conj	I-9 	think-22 	I-21	forgotten-12	-nsubj-conj	I-21 	have-10 never-11 forgotten-12 	I-21	think-22	-nsubj	I-21 	think-22 
So do the American soldiers , at Cuba 's only McDonald 's restaurant or the all-ranks bars where popcorn and pizzas are the only fare .

Robert Mugabe remains in power thanks to the maize , oil , and electricity he supplies to South Africa .

He declined to comment further but said the country would continue to honor its commitment with the International Monetary Fund , which is coordinating some $ 5 billion in aid to help the country overcome its current economic crisis in return for reforms .
	He-1	declined-2	-nsubj	He-1 	declined-2 	He-1	said-7	-nsubj-conj	He-1 	said-7 	country-9	said-7	-nsubj-ccomp	the-8 country-9 	said-7 	country-9	continue-11	-nsubj	the-8 country-9 	would-10 continue-11 to-12 honor-13 its-14 commitment-15 
The detainees may be shackled , even as they are operated on at the Gitmo hospital , but they have brand new copies of the Koran and Lively Salon anti-dandruff shampoo that promises `` a gentle formula to restore moisture to your beautiful clean hair '' .

If the rate of increase in greenhouse gases had been maintained at the peak reached in 1980 , the climate by 2050 would have reached temperatures not currently anticipated until 2100 , when CO 2 concentrations in the atmosphere are expected to have doubled , the researchers calculate .

Some of the detainees had wrinkled faces , a Marine officer noted .
	officer-11	noted-12	-nsubj	a-9 Marine-10 officer-11 	noted-12 	Some-1	wrinkled-6	-nsubj	Some-1 of-2 the-3 detainees-4 	had-5 wrinkled-6 
WASHINGTON , Feb 7 : The White House on Thursday declared that the Geneva Convention applies to Taliban forces in the Afghanistan phase of the war on terrorism , but not to Osama bin Laden 's Al Qaeda followers .

`` Our position is very clear , our position was that the new authorities had to receive a vote of confidence to lead the Venezuelan process back to the democratic path , '' he stated .
	our-8	position-9	-poss	our-8 	position-9 	he-34	stated-35	-nsubj	he-34 	stated-35 
When the detainees look up at a watchtower , they see the Stars and Stripes painted on the front of the sniper 's perch .
	they-10	see-11	-nsubj	they-10 	see-11 
According to Pemex -LRB- Mexican Petroleum -RRB- figures , between January and September the daily exports of barrels of oil did not exceed an average of 1.71 million .

Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year-end net was below the 1987 level .

During the next few months , military work crews will build permanent facilities for as many as 2,000 prisoners .

The weapon of so-called `` intelligent '' sanctions proved ineffective , especially as the punitive measures were taken too late and only served to deny Robert Mugabe and his associates trips abroad and access to the funds they have spirited away .

Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld said today that there was no evidence that the crash had been caused by hostile fire .

A few call to each other .

As countries gear up for battles over ratifying the 1997 Kyoto Protocol , a recent study suggests that the world already has stepped along the path to a future cooler than it might have been .

I think it almost does not matter what the judge does since it 's clear that the balance of power is shifting again , although it not clear where it will land .
	I-1	think-2	-nsubj	I-1 	think-2 
He previously held similar responsibilities .

Time will tell if the president has really learned a lesson from the situation .
	Time-1	tell-3	-nsubj	Time-1 	will-2 tell-3 	president-6	learned-9	-nsubj	the-5 president-6 	has-7 really-8 learned-9 
The prisoners are being held at the temporary outdoor detention facility called `` Camp X-Ray '' where each has a separate cell with a concrete floor , wooden roof and chain-link walls .

Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , '' he says .
	he-18	says-19	-nsubj	he-18 	says-19 
Researchers at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies -LRB- GISS -RRB- in New York report that declining greenhouse-gas emissions since the late 1980s have slowed the growth rate of the atmosphere 's ability to retain heat .

While I did not attend the trial -- I was lucky to be able to read your highly amusing and informative dispatches , several of which made me spit up my lunch laughing -- it certainly seemed as if the image of Bill Gates took a beating and the insular culture of Microsoft did not look so good .

AOL would never have existed if it had been founded here , I am sure , since its employees would have been mocked into obscurity by the digerati .
	I-13	sure-15	-nsubj	I-13 	am-14 sure-15 	digerati-28	mocked-23	-pobj-prep	the-27 digerati-28 	mocked-23 
A Humvee moves slowly around the perimeter as US Marines , M16 assault rifles at the ready , stand guard .

Mr. Rumsfeld said today that he did not know how the prisoners would be restrained during the flight .
	Rumsfeld-2	said-3	-nsubj	Mr.-1 Rumsfeld-2 	said-3 	Rumsfeld-2	know-9	-nsubj-ccomp	Mr.-1 Rumsfeld-2 	did-7 not-8 know-9 	he-6	said-3	-nsubj-ccomp	he-6 	said-3 	he-6	know-9	-nsubj	he-6 	did-7 not-8 know-9 
From seven wooden watchtowers , guards train their weapons on the captured Taliban and al-Qa ` eda fighters , who are clad in orange jump suits .

Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov is expected to receive Shaath on 30 April to discuss ways to overcome the current crisis in the Middle East .
	Ivanov-5	expected-7	-nsubjpass	Russian-1 Foreign-2 Minister-3 Igor-4 Ivanov-5 	is-6 expected-7 
The security of the Israelis depends on the Palestinians ' regaining their rights .

Kazakhstan 's external trade turnover , not counting unregulated trade , reached 11,305,400,000 dollars in January-September 2001 , up 14 per cent year on year , the Kazakh State Agency for Statistics has said .

But it nevertheless uses human rights issues to slander China , '' CSSHR President Zhou Jue said .
	Jue-16	said-17	-nsubj	CSSHR-13 President-14 Zhou-15 Jue-16 	said-17 
The time has come , gentlemen , for Sharon , the assassin , to realize that injustice can not last long .

`` It 's propaganda .

Beijing , Jan. 12 -LRB- Yonhap -RRB- -- Criminals have been increasingly preying on Korean travellers and residents in China with the increase of exchanges between the two countries since the opening of diplomatic relations in 1992 .

Uh , then the Depression came and apparently everyone lost all their money .

And now coup-plotting military officers and the reinstalled president , Hugo Chavez , need to show Latin America that their tyrannical tactics are at an end .

Last year , 1.6 million Koreans traveled to China , up from 1.34 million in 2000 , and the number of Korean students in China hit 16,000 , more than any other country ; Japan trailed with 15,000 students , the official said .
	official-42	said-43	-nsubj	the-41 official-42 	said-43 
Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services .
	Roberts-2	continues-3	-nsubj	Mr.-1 Roberts-2 	continues-3 
The researchers link the slower rate to implementation of the 1987 Montreal Protocol , in which countries agreed to phase out production of gases that erode the Earth 's protective ozone layer .
	countries-17	agreed-18	-nsubj	countries-17 	agreed-18 
With this attitude , Sharon 's government showed its true hostility for a leader and chairman elected by his people .
	government-7	showed-8	-nsubj	Sharon-5 's-6 government-7 	showed-8 its-9 true-10 hostility-11 
It is time to speak the language of truth .

Supporters of the main opposition candidate were intimidated and beaten .

A team of Russian law enforcement officials is to travel shortly to the US naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , `` in order to determine the real nationality of the alleged Russians held at the base and their involvement in terrorist activities , '' sources in the Russian Foreign Ministry disclosed Thursday .

They even embody the bankrupt policy of Israeli criminal extremism and failure to gain legitimacy for its continuing occupation of the Palestinian territories .

The slowdown also `` is due in part to the slower growth of methane and carbon dioxide , for reasons that are n't well understood and need more study , '' notes James Hansen , the NASA researcher who conducted the study with Makiko Sato , also with the GISS .

Nevertheless , it has not kept its promises .
	its-7	promises-8	-poss	its-7 	promises-8 
The visit of the Palestinian minister will be held in the run-up to the second meeting of mediators from Russia , the USA , the UN , and the European Union in Washington in early May , which will be attended by Ivanov and US Secretary of State Colin Powell .

Asked if the disagreement was also with Australia , Mr Blair said : `` Yes .
	Blair-11	said-12	-nsubj	Mr-10 Blair-11 	said-12 
It has the means .

He reminded -LRB- the press -RRB- that currently there is an OAS mission in Venezuela with those very objectives .
	He-1	reminded-2	-nsubj	He-1 	reminded-2 -LRB--3 
`` There 's no question that we believe that if they could clear the Abu Sayyaf group out of Basilan Island , that would be a small blow against the extended Al Qaeda network , '' Mr. Wolfowitz said .
	we-7	believe-8	-nsubj	we-7 	believe-8 	Wolfowitz-38	said-39	-nsubj	Mr.-37 Wolfowitz-38 	said-39 
Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset-management group .

`` His behavior has violated the Chinese law , '' said the Rev Cao Shengjie of the China Christian Council .
	Shengjie-15	said-11	-nsubj	the-12 Rev-13 Cao-14 Shengjie-15 of-16 the-17 China-18 Christian-19 Council-20 	said-11 
George Baker , director of Mexico Energy Intelligence , expressed this opinion : `` In the event that the Mexican Government gives priority to its relationship with the United States , it will not be a game without risks .
	Baker-2	expressed-10	-nsubj	George-1 Baker-2 	expressed-10 this-11 opinion-12 
Other firms `` are dealing with the masses .

Its members therefore are not covered , '' by the accord , said the spokesman .

The move comes after fevered criticism - including from key US allies - stemming from alleged mistreatment of Taliban and Al Qaeda detainees the United States is holding at `` Camp X-Ray '' in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .

It has now taken place .

Um , a little background first .

The figures are feared to be higher since many cases were not reported , an embassy official said .

Following the presidential vote in Zimbabwe , there is just one thing Robert Mugabe can not be reproached for , and that is having made a secret of his determination to stay in power by every possible means .

The Australian-US `` climate action partnership '' involves liaison between governments , businesses and research bodies on climate change .

During September alone , this average dropped to 1.64 million .

But Latin America has moved beyond coups , and this pivotal nation in a hemisphere of democracies has the means to remove Mr. Chavez by constitutional and especially nonviolent means .

I have seen the truth there , which is very different from what some US politicians with ulterior motives have described , '' said Xirao-Nima , who is a Tibetan .
	I-1	seen-3	-nsubj	I-1 	have-2 seen-3 	politicians-16	described-21	-nsubj	some-14 US-15 politicians-16 with-17 ulterior-18 motives-19 	have-20 described-21 
As for ordinary Venezuelans , they seem to be slightly anxious about the struggle for the presidential post .
	they-6	seem-7	-nsubj	they-6 	seem-7 to-8 be-9 slightly-10 anxious-11 
It is heresy , '' said Cao .
	Cao-7	said-6	-nsubj	Cao-7 	said-6 
The camp interpreters had even devised a set of hand signals if a Taliban leader was caught short and needed to use the portable lavatory .

In the General Preliminary Criteria for Economic Policy 2002 , the final text of which is being presented to Congress by the government today , the Finance Secretariat estimated an average price of $ 17.00 per barrel for the crude mixture , and predicted that the export platform would be 1.825 million barrels per day .
	Secretariat-28	estimated-29	-nsubj	the-26 Finance-27 Secretariat-28 	estimated-29 	Secretariat-28	predicted-44	-nsubj-conj	the-26 Finance-27 Secretariat-28 	predicted-44 
The rebels , who have been linked to Al Qaeda in the past , are holding two American hostages for ransom .

An arrest warrant for the suspected leader of the gang , an Afghan , was also served .

`` The United States has completely violated the UN Charter and the principles of relevant international conferences and documents , '' he added .
	he-22	added-23	-nsubj	he-22 	added-23 
SPENDING on information technology in Saudi Arabia is expected to reach over $ 5 billion by the year 2005 , according to Dr Mohamed Al-Amri , managing partner of the Dr Mohamed Al-Amri & amp ; Company , provider of auditing , accounting , tax services and IT consulting .

The US human rights report also accuses China of taking advantage of anti-terrorism campaigns to crackdown on ethnic group people living in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region .
	report-5	accuses-7	-nsubj	The-1 US-2 human-3 rights-4 report-5 	accuses-7 
But Ken Miller , from the firm Purvin & amp ; Gertz , included an additional factor .

Chavez supporters say that no witch-hunting will follow and the opposition should not be afraid of persecution .
	supporters-2	say-3	-nsubj	Chavez-1 supporters-2 	say-3 
Steve Ballmer , of course , is now getting a lot more attention at Microsoft , but it still seems to be Bill 's show over there .

Take the case of Li Guangqiang for example .

Hence , the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries -LRB- OPEC -RRB- , will decide at its meeting on Wednesday whether or not to cut its worldwide crude production in an effort to shore up energy prices .

In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .
	it-14	expects-15	-nsubj	it-14 	expects-15 
In 1998 , the Mexican oil mixture averaged $ 10.17 per barrel : now , the lowest levels have reached $ 14.00 per barrel .

The official did not say how many prisoners were on the flight .

Critics say that on the one hand Australia is saying it does not want to dump Kyoto , yet on the other it is cosying up to the US - which does want to dump Kyoto .
	Critics-1	say-2	-nsubj	Critics-1 	say-2 	Critics-1	saying-10	-nsubj-ccomp	Critics-1 	saying-10 	it-11	want-14	-nsubj	it-11 	does-12 not-13 want-14 	Australia-8	saying-10	-nsubj	Australia-8 	is-9 saying-10 
Banja Luka , Dec 4 -LRB- ONASA -RRB- -- Republika Srpska -LRB- Serb Republic -- RS -RRB- Prime Minister Mladen Ivanic on Tuesday -LRB- 4 December -RRB- departed to an official visit to China , which is to last until December 9 , read a statement from the RS government 's public affairs bureau .

From 1989 to 1994 , the central government invested 53 million yuan -LRB- US$ 6.4 million -RRB- to repair the Potala Palace .

He was speaking after American John Walker Lindh , captured while fighting for the Taliban , arrived handcuffed and shackled at Dulles International Airport outside the US capital late Wednesday and was taken to a nearby jail .

`` It is far preferable if they are British citizens for them to come to the United Kingdom and face justice here , '' Straw told BBC radio .
	Straw-25	told-26	-nsubj	Straw-25 	told-26 
The border guard officers searched a total of 16 apartments , stores and offices downtown and in Hamburg 's Altona , Billstedt , Schnelsen , and Harburg districts , detaining 14 suspects .

Dr Al-Amri said that the growth of Internet in the Kingdom , coupled with the thrust of national companies seeking regional exposure and global competitiveness , is pushing Saudi-based companies to develop web-based strategies for a wider market reach at manageable costs .
	Al-Amri-2	said-3	-nsubj	Dr-1 Al-Amri-2 	said-3 
Amnesty International issued a statement today saying that sedating prisoners or shackling them for an entire flight would violate international standards prohibiting `` cruel , inhuman or degrading '' treatment .
	International-2	issued-3	-nsubj	Amnesty-1 International-2 	issued-3 a-4 statement-5 
He indicated that the Democratic Charter is a new instrument `` and implies that the OAS countries members convene a tribunal '' to investigate the case of a country and `` decide whether or not to remove it from the international community of which it is part ; '' something that `` is a tremendously serious process '' .

I often wonder when a really great fictional book will be written about this era -LRB- probably decades and decades hence as it is too close -RRB- .
	I-1	wonder-3	-nsubj	I-1 	often-2 wonder-3 
Mr. Rumsfeld declined to discuss details about the growing American involvement in the Philippines , where Abu Sayyaf guerrillas have been battling government troops in the southern island of Basilan .
	Rumsfeld-2	declined-3	-nsubj	Mr.-1 Rumsfeld-2 	declined-3 
Newspaper coverage of Camp X-Ray in Britain , as relayed by American television and radio , has come close to eroding morale this week .

Three Britons are among 158 captured al-Qa ` ida and Taliban fighters detained at the camp .

`` This is unacceptable and a gross misstatement of the facts .

The number of crimes committed by Koreans has also been on the increase .

ISLAMABAD , Oct 29 -LRB- AFP -RRB- - The Taliban on Monday said an unspecified number of Americans had been arrested in Afghanistan .

I often feel as if I only get half the story sometimes , so I typically do a massive amount of reporting that is most often much more than I will ever need .
	I-1	feel-3	-nsubj	I-1 	often-2 feel-3 
According to Dr Al-Amri , the top priority of Saudi businesses these days is the application of customer relationship management -LRB- CRM -RRB- capabilities .

That picture changed radically in the mid-1990 's when Mugabe shifted onto a highly destructive course .

Energy Secretary Ernesto Martens has admitted that it is unfeasible to guarantee the flow of revenues to the government if the Finance Secretariat maintains its estimate that the crude export platform in 2002 will average 1.825 million barrels per day , at a price of $ 17.00 per barrel .
	Martens-4	admitted-6	-nsubj	Energy-1 Secretary-2 Ernesto-3 Martens-4 	has-5 admitted-6 	Secretariat-23	maintains-24	-nsubj	the-21 Finance-22 Secretariat-23 	maintains-24 its-25 estimate-26 
Think of all the good stuff we all collect daily in our reporting that we never add to stories .

`` There is no international problem , but rather a manipulation of the subject domestically ; and once again I want to ask the FMLN that it does not cause damage to this country .
	I-20	want-21	-nsubj	I-20 	want-21 	I-20	ask-23	-nsubj	I-20 	to-22 ask-23 
Zimbabwe 's recovery will have to wait for his departure .

Moscow , 27 April : Palestinian Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Nabil Shaath will arrive in Moscow on Monday , 29 April , diplomatic sources told Interfax today .

Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .

The course was organized by Uganda Change Agent Association and VOA .

We will have a reasonably flat year this year , '' Mr. Schwarz says .
	Schwarz-13	says-14	-nsubj	Mr.-12 Schwarz-13 	says-14 
I always use two simple words when people tell me that one company -- whether it is AOL or Microsoft or Disney -- is in charge of all our destinies : Babylon was .
	I-1	use-3	-nsubj	I-1 	always-2 use-3 two-4 simple-5 words-6 	people-8	tell-9	-nsubj	people-8 	tell-9 
The Summer Enrichment Program will conclude with a celebration that includes family and friends .

Camp X-Ray has cells for about 100 detainees , and will soon be expanded to hold 220 .

Enlisting these initiatives , it recalled that these include promulgation of the Juvenile Justice System Ordinance , the establishment of a permanent commission on the status of women , police and jail reforms , national policy and plan of action for elimination of child labor and establishment of a fund for rehabilitation of working children .
	it-5	recalled-6	-nsubj	it-5 	recalled-6 
`` I have been to Tibet many times .
	I-2	been-4	-nsubj	I-2 	have-3 been-4 to-5 
`` We as well as the British have always been the ones who 've been humane .

Seized by 646 Marines in whaling boats in 1898 during the Spanish-American War , it has been in US hands ever since - Gitmo , for short , or the Pearl of the Caribbean for those soldiers with a sense of humor .

Between June 21 and August 31 , 45 youth will spend 20 hours a week developing life management and work ethic skills , learning the computer , visiting area colleges , and interacting with guest speakers .

Hardly had observers even time to get used to the news that Hugo Chavez had lost his presidential post , and then he returned to power .

Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale .

`` It bothers me , '' he said .
	he-7	bothers-3	-nsubj-ccomp	he-7 	bothers-3 	he-7	said-8	-nsubj	he-7 	said-8 	It-2	bothers-3	-nsubj	It-2 	bothers-3 
It is necessary to be loyal to El Salvador , '' Flores concluded .
	Flores-12	concluded-13	-nsubj	Flores-12 	concluded-13 
This `` fait accompli '' in Zimbabwe is a challenge for the international community .

Like most Marines and MPs making up the 1,200-strong force , Staff Sgt Albrecht is angry at accusations that the detainees have been mistreated .
	Albrecht-14	angry-16	-nsubj	the-8 1,200-strong-9 force-10 ,-11 Staff-12 Sgt-13 Albrecht-14 	is-15 angry-16 
We would like to offer our youth a small reward for their participation by presenting them with gift certificates from Target .
	We-1	like-3	-nsubj	We-1 	would-2 like-3 
The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake .

This is Guantanamo Bay , a sleepy and almost forgotten American outpost of 45 square miles on the eastern coast of Cuba .

This campaign has been carried out with help from a small but loyal core of former liberation fighters turned thugs .

Police interrogators were told the refugees had been `` parked '' and were working illegally in northern Germany until they could be moved to other locations .

`` The United States has violated the UN spirit of not interfering in other countries ' internal affairs , '' said Jin Yongjian , a former deputy secretary-general of the United Nations .

As a result , U.S. Trust 's earnings have been hurt .

Its aim of the 2001 report is to tarnish China 's image and exert political pressure on the Chinese Government , human rights experts said at a seminar held by the China Society for Study of Human Rights -LRB- CSSHR -RRB- on Friday .
	experts-24	said-25	-nsubj	human-22 rights-23 experts-24 	said-25 
fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion .

I wonder if that means geography is destiny , and it 's still location , location , location .
	I-1	wonder-2	-nsubj	I-1 	wonder-2 
The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the `` new wealth , '' Mr. Schwarz says .
	Schwarz-17	says-18	-nsubj	Mr.-16 Schwarz-17 	says-18 
In addition , it said , Pakistan also ratified ILO Conventions 100 on equal remuneration and 182 on the elimination of worst forms of child labor .
	it-4	said-5	-nsubj	it-4 	said-5 
Known collectively as chlorofluorocarbons , these gases also trap heat thousands of times as effectively as carbon dioxide - the main focus of Kyoto .

The US military put on hold transfers of prisoners to the Cuba base Wednesday .
	military-3	put-4	-nsubj	The-1 US-2 military-3 	put-4 on-5 
It is certain the Ben Eliezer 's hallucination is a mere expression of failure to persuade the world to accept the brutality of the occupying forces ' practices .

San Salvador , 17 April -LRB- ACAN-EFE -RRB- -- Salvadorian President , Francisco Flores , today defended his declaration of support for the interim Venezuelan Government headed by industrialist Pedro Carmona , indicating that the information that he had at the time was that Hugo Chavez had resigned the Presidency .

There was no money to buy any presents at all , um , for the children , and my grandfather , who was killed when my mother was 16 , this was , of course , way before that , um , he must have been a very positive person because what he did with the situation was he , he told the children that there were no presents this Christmas because they had given them all to Santa to take the poor children and this made the children feel happy and proud of themselves and it gave them a good feeling that they had done something very nice for someone less fortunate than themselves .

`` Our guys are pretty dirty .

The detainees at `` Gitmo , '' as US soldiers call the base , are of various nationalities .

It consists of the use of direct-to-customer channels , through mainly e-mail and the World Wide Web -LRB- WWWW -RRB- , along with other emerging technologies such as WAP .

He has sometimes talked of remaining president past the year 2020 .

He noted that the Mexican economy is very closely linked to that of the United States , and hence no oil producer , whether a member of OPEC or not , is in such a disadvantageous situation .
	He-1	noted-2	-nsubj	He-1 	noted-2 
JAKARTA -LRB- Agency -RRB- : Indonesia will not follow Argentina and halt payment of its national debt , top economics minister Dorodjatun Kuntjoro-Jakti said as quoted by AFP on Monday -LRB- 24 December -RRB- .

The majority of the population , who was not delighted with Chavez , was not on their side as well .
	majority-2	delighted-10	-rcmod	The-1 majority-2 of-3 the-4 population-5 	was-8 not-9 delighted-10 
And his economic promises to the poor are in shreds , while his diplomatic flirtation with leftist world dictators only hints at his inclinations to gain more power .

The detainees ' toothbrushes are shortened so that they can not be used as weapons .

I personally always thought it was a risk to pin the image of Microsoft on just one man -- at AOL , for example , there was a conscious effort to develop other `` characters , '' for lack of a better word .
	I-1	thought-4	-nsubj	I-1 	thought-4 
`` Throughout the report , there are many doubtful phrases , such as ` according to credible reports ' , ` various sources ' and ` anecdotal evidence , ' to name a few .

Mugabe , who led Zimbabwe 's liberation struggle against white minority rule in the late 1970 's , has systematically wrecked his country 's economy and its freedoms to prolong his 22-year-old hold on power .

A spokeswoman for the Environment Minister , David Kemp , said yesterday that the minister was on his way to talks with the European Union in Brussels after a formal visit to Washington , and that the Government was still committed to Kyoto .

The FMLN condemned last Friday the actions against the government of Chavez and celebrated his return to the power on Sunday .
	FMLN-2	condemned-3	-nsubj	The-1 FMLN-2 	condemned-3 	FMLN-2	celebrated-14	-nsubj-conj	The-1 FMLN-2 	celebrated-14 
Washington and other Western governments may now strengthen the current mild sanctions against Zimbabwe .

Schwarz and Maurer .

Six of the detainees were transported on stretchers aboard the C-141 cargo flight that left Kandahar , Afghanistan on Wednesday for the 25-hour flight .

We look forward to hearing from you .
	We-1	look-2	-nsubj	We-1 	look-2 forward-3 
Um , I felt like that was a way to face that situation with such hope and with joy and with love .
	I-3	felt-4	-nsubj	I-3 	felt-4 
Some of their tents saw service in the Korean War .

I know what you mean about being a journalist .
	you-4	mean-5	-nsubj	you-4 	mean-5 
Ben Eliezer 's raving coincided with the arrival of his assassin boss Sharon to Washington to take part in exerting pressures on the US administration , and persuade it that removing Arafat could bring about the Palestinian surrender , and halt violence as he calls it .

Indonesia 's foreign debt currently stands at $ 140 billion , $ 70 billion of which is government debt .

As workers prepared the camp in Cuba for as many as 2,000 prisoners , search crews in Pakistan continued to comb the wreckage of a Marine Corps tanker plane that crashed on Wednesday in southwestern Pakistan .

There are 56 Iraqis , 34 Moroccans , 11 Pakistanis , 8 Afghans , 7 Turks , 5 Palestinians 8 Iranians among those who were detained for violating Turkish borders and passport law .

Whoever engages in terrorism , whether he or she is of Han people or of a minority people , should be brought to the justice , Ma said .
	Ma-27	said-28	-nsubj	Ma-27 	said-28 
`` I bear witness that Mohammed is his messenger .

These steps would be far more effective if they were joined by major African states .

Therefore , we are asking you to donate 45 , $ 10 gift certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or clothing , in the total amount of $ 450 .
	we-3	asking-5	-nsubj	we-3 	are-4 asking-5 
Flights carrying up to 30 of what the Pentagon calls `` detainees '' were suspended on Jan 23 by defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld pending expansion of outdoor jail facilities at the American base .
	Pentagon-9	calls-10	-nsubj	the-8 Pentagon-9 	calls-10 
We have all the equipment required , '' he said .
	he-9	said-10	-nsubj	he-9 	said-10 
From where I am sitting , I think the Microsoft trial has been the really obvious turning point between the computer era and the digital age .
	I-7	think-8	-nsubj	I-7 	think-8 
The United States often says that although al-Qaida members and the Taliban are Muslims , US troops are bombing them because they are terrorists , not Muslims , he said .
	he-29	said-30	-nsubj	he-29 	said-30 
It is hard to forecast the further development of the events in Venezuela .

Venezuelan paratroopers are evidently to profit from the situation .

The smart-boy technologist is now being painted as the whiny bully .

Senior military officials have said they are increasingly concerned that there are other equally sophisticated and well-fortified underground complexes elsewhere in Afghanistan that could become guerrilla bases for remnants of the Taliban and Al Qaeda forces .
	they-6	concerned-9	-nsubj	they-6 	are-7 increasingly-8 concerned-9 	they-6	said-5	-nsubj-ccomp	they-6 	have-4 said-5 	officials-3	said-5	-nsubj	Senior-1 military-2 officials-3 	have-4 said-5 
So the shift in the image of Gates has been an interesting one for me to watch .

Those that want to secede from the nation and engage in terrorist activities are terrorists , not any particular ethnic group , '' said Ma Dazheng , director of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region 's Development Research Institute at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .

The detainees are washing every day .

Um , I lived in Charlotte for five years .

Sebi also gave out certificates .

I do wish that Burns 's statements reflect a true position that signals a return of balance to the US position in dealing with the reality of Palestinian-Israeli struggle .
	I-1	do-2	-nsubj	I-1 	do-2 wish-3 
Chief-of-Staff of the Turkish Armed Forces Huseyin Kivrikoglu arrived in Uzbekistan on Saturday -LRB- 16 March -RRB- at the invitation of Uzbek Defense Minister Kadyr Gulyamov , sources in the Turkish Embassy in Tashkent told Interfax .

The prisoners , their hands and feet shackled and their heads covered by hoods , were loaded single file onto the plane at Kandahar Airport .

The Opposition 's environment spokesman , Kelvin Thomson , said yesterday that Australia `` should not follow the US position on climate change '' .
	spokesman-5	said-10	-nsubj	The-1 Opposition-2 's-3 environment-4 spokesman-5 	said-10 
The opposition MDC -LRB- Movement for Democratic Change -RRB- was the victim of `` state terrorism '' that its candidate Morgan Tsvangirai rightly condemned after being beaten in an election loaded against him from start to finish , from drawing up the electoral lists to counting the votes .
	Tsvangirai-22	condemned-24	-nsubj	its-19 candidate-20 Morgan-21 Tsvangirai-22 rightly-23 	condemned-24 
a private-banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17 billion .

Bush said last week he was willing to consider Saudi Arabia 's request on a case-by-case basis but U.S. officials doubted it would happen any time soon .
	Bush-1	said-2	-nsubj	Bush-1 	said-2 	he-5	said-2	-nsubj-ccomp	he-5 	said-2 	he-5	willing-7	-nsubj	he-5 	was-6 willing-7 to-8 consider-9 	officials-20	said-2	-nsubj-conj	U.S.-19 officials-20 	said-2 	officials-20	doubted-21	-nsubj	U.S.-19 officials-20 	doubted-21 
Most often reporters recount these tales with each other and with their sources rather than share them with the general public .

We came here in 1986 , we lived here for five years , then we moved to Raleigh for seven years and now we 've been back one year .

The only interpretation for these accusations is that Arafat has formidable supernatural powers that enable him to defend the rights of his homeland and people against the unlimited capabilities of the Israeli occupying forces equipped with all the mighty US weapon technology .

On entering Camp X-Ray , one inmate vowed to kill an American before he left .
	inmate-7	vowed-8	-nsubj	one-6 inmate-7 	vowed-8 
soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 .

`` The conditions my men live in are very similar to those of the detainees , '' said Col Terry Carrico .

`` The reports fails to acknowledge the important policy measures and initiatives by the government of Pakistan to promote and protect human rights , '' said a statement issued by Foreign Office spokesman in which the report was termed as factually inaccurate and unwarranted .

Almost every assignment is a challenge in a different way and it never seems to get easier .

Finally and most importantly , Great Britain remained locked in the familiar psychodrama between the former colonizer and colonized .

Some Westerners who have been there have also seen the ever-improving human rights in the Tibet Autonomous Region , he added .
	Westerners-2	seen-9	-nsubj	Some-1 Westerners-2 	have-7 also-8 seen-9 	he-20	added-21	-nsubj	he-20 	added-21 
Miguel Garcia Reyes , a specialist in petroleum geopolitics at the College of Mexico , claimed that Mexico 's distancing from OPEC has become more intensified since the attacks on the United States .
	Reyes-3	claimed-16	-nsubj	Miguel-1 Garcia-2 Reyes-3 	claimed-16 
Perhaps you could hasten a prediction of where this is all going .

The agency said that the trade balance was favourable , at 1.84 bn dollars over the period -LRB- the balance in January-September 2000 was favourable , at 2.89 bn dollars -RRB- .
	agency-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 agency-2 	said-3 
He faces trial in his own country on charges of conspiring to kill US nationals and supporting terrorist groups .

They amounted to no more than a ban on holidays and a golden retirement .

The foreigners will be deported once the legal proceedings are completed .

He said the Kingdom is now part of that increasing global spending on CRM , which is projected to hit the $ 10 billion mark by the year 2005 .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
`` I do n't know how many there are or where they are or what their condition is , '' he said .
	I-2	know-5	-nsubj	I-2 	do-3 n't-4 know-5 	I-2	said-22	-nsubj-ccomp	I-2 	said-22 	he-21	know-5	-nsubj-ccomp	he-21 	do-3 n't-4 know-5 	he-21	said-22	-nsubj	he-21 	said-22 
In eastern Afghanistan , American B-1 and B-52 bombers dropped precision-guided weapons on the sprawling Al Qaeda training camp at Zhawar Kili near the Pakistan border today for the sixth time in just over a week .

But then international pressure and renewed domestic support for Chavez forced the generals to let him take office again .
	international-3	pressure-4	-amod	international-3 	pressure-4 
The Marines live in an encampment 100 yards from Camp X-Ray 's gates .

The central government has built and renovated a number of monasteries .

At Guantanamo Bay , the prisoners will be taken to a makeshift detention center known as Camp X - Ray , where they will be locked in 6 - by-8-foot cages made of concrete and chain-link fence to await intensive interrogation and , possibly , trial before military tribunals .

A further four suspects were arrested in a similar operation in Frankfurt .

Two men who were working with him , an Afghan and a Pakistani , were arrested as well .

About 20 minutes after the C-17 lifted off from the base at Kandahar Airport , marines came under small - arms fire near one of the runways .

Previously , the company advertised at the $ 2 million level .

By failing to hold firm they not only damage their diplomatic credibility , but also ignore the consequences for nearby African states of Mugabe 's misrule .

`` Sometimes you 're afraid for your life because these people are trained to kill you , '' said Specialist Fabian Rivas .

Tashkent , 18 March : Turkey will give 1.2 m dollars in free assistance to servicemen in Uzbekistan .

My name is Bonnie Rindner and I was born in San Antonio , TX , and the story I 'm going to tell is about my mother .

There are jokes at Camp X-Ray but the sense of danger is ever present .

And that in trying to hurt me , it ends up causing damage to the country .

And , `` Al Qaeda is an international terrorist group and can not be considered a state party to the Geneva Convention .

Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 .

Miller remarked that the worldwide economic slowdown has shrunk the demand for energy sources , which could lead the independent producers , including Mexico , to operate in coordination with the oil cartel .
	Miller-1	remarked-2	-nsubj	Miller-1 	remarked-2 
Unfortunately , some leading African countries like South Africa and Nigeria have compounded the problem by accepting Mugabe 's victory despite earlier assertions that they would not recognize the results of a rigged election .
	they-25	accepting-17	-nsubj-ccomp	they-25 	accepting-17 	they-25	assertions-23	-nsubj-ccomp-prep-pobj	they-25 	earlier-22 assertions-23 	they-25	recognize-28	-nsubj	they-25 	would-26 not-27 recognize-28 
`` About 90 percent of foreigners ' missing passports are Korean 's , and the missing passports are being used mostly for crimes like illegal entry , downgrading the nation 's credibility in the international community , '' the official said .
	official-40	said-41	-nsubj	the-39 official-40 	said-41 
Nevertheless , according to the researcher from the UNAM -LRB- National Autonomous University of Mexico -RRB- Economics Department , Angel de la Vega , since the Fox administration does not have the security of a fiscal reform available , it can not be ruled out that Mexico might collaborate with OPEC in the event of a more serious reduction in oil prices .

Software for e-business and e-CRM capabilities are now being applied by many Saudi companies .

The report uses many unsubstantiated stories to illustrate its unwarranted assertions .

Another detainee bit a guard trying to subdue him and , two days ago , another spat on a military policeman .

Ivanic is to meet with Chinese Deputy Prime Minister Qian Qichen and discuss possibilities for economic and other forms of cooperation .

Saudi officials have said that 100 are from the Gulf kingdom and have demanded they be returned to face justice at home .
	officials-2	said-4	-nsubj	Saudi-1 officials-2 	have-3 said-4 	officials-2	demanded-14	-nsubj-conj	Saudi-1 officials-2 	have-13 demanded-14 
The independence of Zimbabwe 's justice system was compromised .

`` President Bush today has decided that the Geneva Convention will apply to the Taliban detainees but not to the Al Qaeda international terrorists , '' Bush spokesman Ari Fleischer told reporters .

U.S. Trust , a 136-year-old institution that is one of the earliest high-net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private-banking businesses of their own .

Staff Sgt Webster was frustrated .
	Webster-3	frustrated-5	-nsubjpass	Staff-1 Sgt-2 Webster-3 	was-4 frustrated-5 
Teams of Security Department who made road control , stopped a lorry driven by Nizamettin Tas .

The British Prime Minister , Tony Blair , disagreed yesterday with Australia 's decision to sign a climate change deal with the United States .
	Minister-4	disagreed-9	-nsubj	The-1 British-2 Prime-3 Minister-4 	disagreed-9 
But we all know how that story turned out .
	we-2	know-4	-nsubj	we-2 	know-4 
He has called for helping aggressive Israel to put a traitorous agent at the head of the Palestinian Authority , who could accept its terms to `` assassinate ' the rights of Palestinians .
	He-1	called-3	-nsubj	He-1 	has-2 called-3 for-4 helping-5 aggressive-6 	Authority-19	accept-23	-rcmod	a-10 traitorous-11 agent-12 at-13 the-14 head-15 of-16 the-17 Palestinian-18 Authority-19 	could-22 accept-23 
Security forces also confiscated six lorries and two automobiles in the operations .

That 's ironic , since I think it was just that insularity that helped them , much in the same way that AOL has benefited from being in the Virginia suburbs rather than in Silicon Valley .
	I-6	think-7	-nsubj	I-6 	think-7 	AOL-23	benefited-25	-nsubj	AOL-23 	has-24 benefited-25 
The Bush administration all but welcomed the coup , tarnishing the US role as a champion of democracy .
	administration-3	welcomed-6	-nsubj	The-1 Bush-2 administration-3 	all-4 but-5 welcomed-6 
Officials say that the smuggling ring had been illegally bringing fellow nationals into Germany via Austria since at least October 2001 .
	Officials-1	say-2	-nsubj	Officials-1 	say-2 
Brig Michael Lehnert said each al-Qa ` eda fighter would be given eight to 75 Swiss francs per month - as per the Geneva Convention - if their rank was revealed and PoW status accorded .
	Lehnert-3	said-4	-nsubj	Brig-1 Michael-2 Lehnert-3 	said-4 
Kenya and Tanzania even `` congratulated '' Robert Mugabe on his re-election after the first round .

The failure of the US-made Israeli war machine to settle this unequal battle became clear in the farcical-yet-provocative , statements made by the Israeli minister of defense now present in Washington .

Mr Blair told the ABC that greenhouse gases were an area where there was an obvious disagreement with the US .
	Blair-2	told-3	-nsubj	Mr-1 Blair-2 	told-3 
`` Mexico sought out the leading producers : Venezuela and Saudi Arabia , not only for the prices , but also because of the competition on the crude oil market -LRB- in US territory -RRB- , '' he claimed , pointing out that prices have not yet fallen as low as they did then .
	he-38	claimed-39	-nsubj	he-38 	claimed-39 	Mexico-2	sought-3	-nsubj	Mexico-2 	sought-3 out-4 
Hamburg -- Some 200 German Border Guard officers working in cooperation with the Hamburg prosecutors ' office on Wednesday cracked a ring of Afghan smugglers who have been operating throughout Europe .

Missing passports find their way to human traffickers , he said .
	he-10	said-11	-nsubj	he-10 	said-11 
The end result will be kids who have a better understanding of and vision for their own future , be it college or a career .

The belt had been especially manufactured in Spain and was later left in the Miraflores presidential palace by the plotters .

But he defended the use of strong measures , saying the Pentagon had closely studied violent uprisings by Taliban and Al Qaeda prisoners held in the northern Afghan city of Mazar - i-Sharif and in Pakistan .
	he-2	defended-3	-nsubj	he-2 	defended-3 
That incredible empire dominated the world and I imagine it did not seem possible to people living then that anyone could loosen that empire 's grip on humanity .
	I-8	imagine-9	-nsubj	I-8 	imagine-9 
Ordinary Venezuelans are even less happy with the generals and local oligarchic elite .
	Venezuelans-2	happy-6	-nsubj	Ordinary-1 Venezuelans-2 	are-3 even-4 less-5 happy-6 
Their study appeared in the Dec. 18 , 2001 , issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science .

As usual , the US State Department published its annual report on human rights practices in world countries last Monday .

By focusing on carbon dioxide , the pact sets its sights on curbing the greenhouse gas held most responsible for contributing to the climate 's warming during the past century .

Sharon and Ben Eliezer never stopped to consider that no patriotic Palestinian could accept to serve as a substitute agent to Israel .
	Palestinian-12	consider-8	-nsubj-ccomp	no-10 patriotic-11 Palestinian-12 	to-7 consider-8 	Palestinian-12	accept-14	-nsubj	no-10 patriotic-11 Palestinian-12 	could-13 accept-14 
As you can see from the enclosed map , your Target store is located in the heart of four of our service areas .

Zimbabwe should be an economic beacon , not a basket case .

In Zimbabwe it is better to have an end to the torment than torment without end .

Dostum is expected to leave for Turkey following the inauguration ceremony of Uzbek Consulate in Mazar-e-Sharif .
	Dostum-1	expected-3	-nsubjpass	Dostum-1 	is-2 expected-3 
The United States has not only made a procedural mistake , but the facts are incorrect , officials said .
	officials-18	said-19	-nsubj	officials-18 	said-19 
Though the American forces are expected to be involved initially in advising and training Filipino counterterrorist units , senior American military officials have said they could become involved in direct military action if the Philippine government requested it .

In November , President Bush promised to give the Philippines a $ 100 million antiterrorism aid package that would include weapons , training and shared intelligence .
	Bush-5	promised-6	-nsubj	President-4 Bush-5 	promised-6 
In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier .

It is blessed with fertile agricultural land , and during the first dozen years of Mugabe 's rule it was relatively prosperous and free .

I think that is why I welcomed doing a book -- it gives one the ability to use so much of what is left on the cutting room floor of daily journalism .
	I-1	think-2	-nsubj	I-1 	think-2 	I-6	welcomed-7	-nsubj	I-6 	welcomed-7 
The sect has been banned because of its activities in China in the 1980s .

Neither supporters nor opponents of Chavez could be seen in the streets during the days of the coup .

Under the tin roofs , there is wood to absorb the sun 's heat and keep them cool .

Vice-president Diosdado Cabello , a Hugo Chavez supporter , is acting president as of now .

DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained .

He said that the bust was nevertheless a significant and successful strike against gangs and businesses engaged in human smuggling .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
A mass awareness campaign was launched as part of the observance of the Year 2000 as the year of Human Rights and Human Dignity , it added .
	it-26	added-27	-nsubj	it-26 	added-27 
DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .
	it-16	expected-17	-nsubj	it-16 	expected-17 	it-16	said-15	-nsubj-ccomp	it-16 	said-15 
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .

But the number keeps rising as American military and intelligence officials continue interviewing thousands of prisoners held by anti-Taliban militias .

The work grows out of a longer-term effort by the two scientists to explore paths to adjusting the globe 's thermostat other than the politically charged effort embodied in the Kyoto Protocol .

DETAINEES ARRIVE IN CUBA : A new group of 28 prisoners captured in Afghanistan arrived by air on Thursday , bringing the total number of detainees to 186 .

Pentagon officials also said today that the United States was preparing to send a force of more than 100 soldiers , many of them Special Operations forces , to the Philippines to help train Filipino troops to fight Muslim militants from the Abu Sayyaf group .
	officials-2	said-4	-nsubj	Pentagon-1 officials-2 	said-4 
In return , we will recognize Target as a sponsor during our event and in the event program .
	we-4	recognize-6	-nsubj	we-4 	will-5 recognize-6 
Before dawn , the prison camp echoes to the voice of the muezzin as the Muslim inmates are called to prayer .

I will be happy to supply any additional information you may need and thank you for your consideration of our request .

These individuals are currently temporarily detained at the US base at Guantanamo Bay .

Protesters , who ousted Hugo Chavez at the end of the previous week , failed to gain the support of the army .

Once again , events in Venezuela have drawn the close attention of the world 's media .

AYDIN , BODRUM , AMASYA Nov 23 -LRB- A. A -RRB- - Security forces intercepted on Friday 129 people in Didim township of western province of Aydin and in Bodrum township of western province of Mugla as they were trying to proceed to Greece illegally .

The local press was harassed .

International observers called the process deeply flawed , and the Bush administration has refused to recognize the declared results .
	observers-2	called-3	-nsubj	International-1 observers-2 	called-3 	observers-2	refused-14	-nsubj-conj	International-1 observers-2 	refused-14 to-15 recognize-16 	administration-12	refused-14	-nsubj	the-10 Bush-11 administration-12 	refused-14 to-15 recognize-16 
It , too , has a reason to repent .

Dostum is expected to reach Ankara in the coming days .
	Dostum-1	expected-3	-nsubjpass	Dostum-1 	is-2 expected-3 
Over the past three years , 15 Koreans were murdered , 177 were assaulted , 95 kidnapped or illegally confined , and 64 robbed , the Korean Embassy in Beijing said Saturday .

The Italian senator 's words are in sharp contrast to what was contained in the so-called China human rights report compiled by the United States , which blindly accuses China of restricting religious freedom in Tibet .
	report-20	accuses-29	-rcmod	China-17 human-18 rights-19 report-20 compiled-21 by-22 the-23 United-24 States-25 	accuses-29 
This foretells that the Israeli occupation 's claims will inevitably falls , no matter how long Sharon humiliates Arab dignity , relaying on the protection and support of Washington , which forgot all principles and role in defending justice , and international legitimacy .

The shackled and blindfolded captives are being flown to Cuba from Kandahar in southern Afghanistan under tight guard and are being housed at the base in 8-by-8-foot cage-like outdoor cells .

But curbs on CO 2 mean curbs on burning coal , oil , and natural gas - the fuels of booming economies .

If keeping Arafat captive , under siege with the Palestinian people by the Israeli occupying forces , is an affront to Palestinian , Arab dignity , and International justice , it is also a powder keg that will at one point explode , devastating what remains of the Israeli security .

LONDON , Jan 24 -LRB- AFP -RRB- -- British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Thursday -LRB- 24 January -RRB- it was `` far preferable '' that British prisoners held at the US Navy base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba should face justice in Britain .
	Secretary-11	said-14	-rcmod	British-9 Foreign-10 Secretary-11 Jack-12 Straw-13 	said-14 
With regard to prices , he gave a reminder that the reason that prompted Mexico to collaborate with OPEC in 1998 was , in fact , the decline in them .

It shows that these so-called truths are not true at all , '' said Xirao-Nima .

Since then , the United States has sent an array of equipment to the Philippine military , including a C-130 cargo plane , 30,000 M-16 rifles and 8 UH - 1 Huey helicopters .

`` The United Nations has held the high goal of protecting human rights , '' Jin said .
	Nations-4	held-6	-nsubj	The-2 United-3 Nations-4 	has-5 held-6 the-7 high-8 goal-9 of-10 	Nations-4	said-17	-nsubj-ccomp	The-2 United-3 Nations-4 	said-17 	Jin-16	held-6	-nsubj-ccomp	Jin-16 	has-5 held-6 the-7 high-8 goal-9 of-10 	Jin-16	said-17	-nsubj	Jin-16 	said-17 
Chavez himself used to be in command of a paratrooper unit .

Carmona and other generals who participated in the coup are now being questioned by public prosecutors .

The Federal Government denied that the agreement , signed this week , was a signal it was dumping the Kyoto Protocol on greenhouse gases .
	Government-3	denied-4	-nsubj	The-1 Federal-2 Government-3 	denied-4 
Target is well known for it 's support of the community , and we believe that the Summer Enrichment Program represents your interests and concerns quite well .
	we-14	believe-15	-nsubj	we-14 	believe-15 
Mr. Walker is still being held aboard the assault ship Bataan in the Arabian Sea , the officials said .
	officials-18	said-19	-nsubj	the-17 officials-18 	said-19 
and Catalyst Partners .

Thugs and fraud can not keep the 78-year-old Mugabe in power forever .

It pointed out that all the goals set at an April 2000 human rights conference had been achieved , which it added had been ignored by the report .
	It-1	pointed-2	-nsubj	It-1 	pointed-2 out-3 	it-21	added-22	-nsubj	it-21 	added-22 
By mid-morning , they are lounging on mats on the concrete floors of their 8ft-square cages , the blistering sun beating on the tin roofs .

At the Pentagon , Mr. Bush signed a $ 318 billion military spending bill today for the 2002 fiscal year .
	Bush-6	signed-7	-nsubj	Mr.-5 Bush-6 	signed-7 
`` It will not change their material life on a day-to-day basis : they will continue to be treated well because that 's what the United States does , '' said Fleischer , who noted neither group would be granted prisoner of war status .

They owned car dealerships and extensive land .

By besieging Arafat , Sharon has turned him into the `` Mandela '' of Arab struggle .
	Sharon-5	turned-7	-nsubj	Sharon-5 	has-6 turned-7 
I would posit that Bill and Michael and Steve and Jerry have become the Madonnas of the current age of stock market mania and celebration of the entrepreneur .
	I-1	posit-3	-nsubj	I-1 	would-2 posit-3 
Mr. Schwarz says the competition `` broadens the base of opportunity for us .
	Schwarz-2	says-3	-nsubj	Mr.-1 Schwarz-2 	says-3 
Hugo Chavez is very likely to be soon return to the post of president of Venezuela .

`` Today more than ever we also owe those in uniform the resources they need to maintain a very high state of readiness , '' Mr. Bush said .
	Bush-27	said-28	-nsubj	Mr.-26 Bush-27 	said-28 
Flores said , in a press conference , that `` there is no reason to apologize '' to President Chavez , as demanded by Salvadoran opposition parties .
	parties-27	demanded-23	-pobj-prep	Salvadoran-25 opposition-26 parties-27 	demanded-23 	Flores-1	said-2	-nsubj	Flores-1 	said-2 
On Sunday , Argentina declared it was halting payments on its $ 132 billion national debt , the biggest default in history .
	Argentina-4	declared-5	-nsubj	Argentina-4 	declared-5 
Frederic Lasserre , an energy sector analyst for the firm Societe Generale , held the view that Mexico 's close relationship with the United States prevents it from becoming more committed to OPEC .
	Lasserre-2	held-14	-nsubj	Frederic-1 Lasserre-2 ,-3 an-4 energy-5 sector-6 analyst-7 for-8 the-9 firm-10 Societe-11 Generale-12 ,-13 	held-14 the-15 view-16 
Indignant protests apart , nothing was done to prevent the disaster awaiting one of the key countries in southern Africa , seen as the continent 's growth pole .

He incited violent land seizures that have taken a disastrous toll on agricultural investment and production and launched a broad assault on journalistic freedom and judicial independence .
	He-1	incited-2	-nsubj	He-1 	incited-2 
Either the absence of democracy in Africa is no longer any more of a problem for Europe than the lack of development , or it is time to get serious about `` good governance '' as a condition for aid .

A total of 158 captives , whom the Pentagon has refused to classify as prisoners of war , are already being held and interrogated at Guantanamo amid criticism they have not been treated properly under the Geneva Convention .
	Pentagon-9	refused-11	-nsubj	the-8 Pentagon-9 	has-10 refused-11 
Brig Lehnert accepted that the detainees were living in basic conditions but argued that this would improve once permanent facilities were built .
	Lehnert-2	accepted-3	-nsubj	Brig-1 Lehnert-2 	accepted-3 	Lehnert-2	argued-13	-nsubj-conj	Brig-1 Lehnert-2 	argued-13 
Drs. Hansen and Sato argue that policymakers can make significant headway by attacking other pollutants such as black carbon soot , ozone -LRB- smog -RRB- in the lower atmosphere , and methane from landfills , mining , and oil and gas production .
	Hansen-2	argue-5	-nsubj	Drs.-1 Hansen-2 and-3 Sato-4 	argue-5 
Meanwhile , police on Friday intercepted 40 Iranians and Iraqis who entered Turkey through illegal ways .

Specialist Rivas said he ignored the press .
	he-4	ignored-5	-nsubj	he-4 	ignored-5 
Business groups and labor unions joined in a giant protest , perhaps knowing that portions of the military were on their side .
	groups-2	joined-6	-nsubj	Business-1 groups-2 and-3 labor-4 unions-5 	joined-6 in-7 a-8 giant-9 protest-10 	groups-2	knowing-13	-nsubj-ccomp	Business-1 groups-2 and-3 labor-4 unions-5 	knowing-13 
Others took trains , vans and cars onto ferries destined for Scandinavia .

Some hang their towels out to dry in the breeze .

The government , it added , has amended Pakistan Citizenship Act of 1951 to enable women of Pakistani descent to claim Pakistani nationality for their children born to foreign husbands .
	it-4	added-5	-nsubj	it-4 	added-5 
Her , let 's see , her mother 's family were wealthy people at one time .

FIGHTING tyranny with tyranny clearly did n't work in oil-giant Venezuela last week .

Others stand or pace around before slumping again .
	Others-1	stand-2	-nsubj	Others-1 	stand-2 
We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says .
	Schwarz-22	says-23	-nsubj	Mr.-21 Schwarz-22 	says-23 
They used to rely upon the fact that they thought we were soft .
	they-9	thought-10	-nsubj	they-9 	thought-10 	They-1	used-2	-nsubj	They-1 	used-2 to-3 rely-4 
Sebi was on Saturday -LRB- 5 January -RRB- closing a Bwavu Mpologoma Project business skills training course at Kyaggwe Road Primary School .

At the camp , Marine engineers saw and hammer away as an interrogation center and new cages are finished .
	engineers-6	saw-7	-nsubj	Marine-5 engineers-6 	saw-7 
They criticized Flores for not condemning the rupture of constitutional order in Venezuela .
	They-1	criticized-2	-nsubj	They-1 	criticized-2 
Australia 's involvement in Kyoto has been in doubt ever since the US President , George Bush , announced last year that ratifying the protocol would hurt the US economy .

He was as good as his word .

When the detainees wanted water , they got water , said Staff Sgt Monte Webster , an MP .
	detainees-3	wanted-4	-nsubj	detainees-3 	wanted-4 
Seven marines died in the fiery accident .

Afghanistan ` s Embassy in Ankara said Dostum , the Defense Minister of temporary government set up in Afghanistan , will come to Ankara to visit his family .

As for me , I 'll stick with my philosophy of reporting and , I guess , life -- nobody knows .
	I-15	guess-16	-nsubj	I-15 	guess-16 
The CIS countries accounted for 30.9 per cent of total exports over the period -LRB- compared with 27 per cent over the same period in 2000 -RRB- .

When gunshots were fired during a march on the presidential palace last Thursday , killing more than a dozen , military leaders forced Chavez to step aside .

Cao said to meet the demand of the 15 million Protestants in China , 28 million copies of the Bible , including those printed in ethnic languages , have been printed .
	Cao-1	said-2	-nsubj	Cao-1 	said-2 
Last year alone , 1,800 Korean passports were reported missing in China -- 1,000 in Shenyang , Liaoning Province , 400 in Beijing and 200 in Shanghai , the official said .
	official-30	said-31	-nsubj	the-29 official-30 	said-31 
He has been patronizing his subordinates during his entire presidency and was finally rewarded for his support : the paratroopers helped him regain power .
	He-1	patronizing-4	-nsubj	He-1 	patronizing-4 
`` They 're just chilling out , that 's exactly what they 're doing , '' said Staff Sgt Chuck Albrecht .

There are holes in them , but for now the problem is the stifling heat .

There were already several suppositions that Hugo Chavez may recover the position , but nobody could suppose the recovery would be so quick .
	nobody-15	suppose-17	-nsubj	nobody-15 	could-16 suppose-17 
It is not definite whether or not Uzbek general will have an official program in Ankara .

According to a police spokesman , more than 500 officers took part in the joint operation .

The Afghans paid gang members up to 9,000 euros -LRB- $ 7,900 -RRB- to make the trip .

Um , she was raised in MO , and she married a man , this is my grandmother I 'm talking about .

It is 5.17 am and Lieut Abuhena Mohammad Saiful-Islam of the US navy is performing his first duty as Camp X-Ray 's chaplin and imam .

The army swore allegiance to the `` father of independence , '' regardless of the verdict at the ballot box .
	army-2	swore-3	-nsubj	The-1 army-2 	swore-3 allegiance-4 
Worldwide revenues in the CRM services markets will increase to over $ 126.2 billion in 2004 .

He said the bulk of this spending will be on software and services .
	He-1	said-2	-nsubj	He-1 	said-2 
No one was injured and the identify of the snipers remained unknown tonight , military officials said .
	officials-16	said-17	-nsubj	military-15 officials-16 	said-17 
Then the long-serving , increasingly tyrannical president , Robert Mugabe , was declared the winner .

Later spent another 4.9 million yuan -LRB- US$ 590,360 -RRB- to update the palace 's fire safety facilities .

The volume appears large in the current economic context , when oil prices have fallen back to 1999 levels .

Saudi businesses today are looking into software applications that will help them retain their clients , expand their market reach and cut down of their operating costs , Dr Al-Amri said in a press statement issued Sunday to the Gazette .

A total of 40 Iraqis and Iranians , who entered the country through illegal ways , were captured in the trunk of the lorry .

It can only rise to meet it by making some radical changes .

One man is moved back to his cage , his ankles and wrists in shackles .

The election this week in Zimbabwe was an ugly travesty from which all of southern Africa will suffer .

The remaining four turned out to be Afghan refugees .

Ivanic and Finance Minister Milenko Vracar are to meet with the governor of province Hebei Niu Maosheng , who invited them to the visit , and other officials of this province .

But it must demand that the countries of Africa put their own house in order .
	it-2	demand-4	-nsubj	it-2 	must-3 demand-4 
The detainees recite the Koran together , the first of the day 's five prayer sessions .

`` The United States was slandering China again , '' said Xirao-Nima , a professor of Tibetan history at the Central University for Nationalities .
	States-4	slandering-6	-nsubj	The-2 United-3 States-4 	was-5 slandering-6 
The company 's executives revolted , threatening a cutoff of oil .
	executives-4	revolted-5	-nsubj	The-1 company-2 's-3 executives-4 	revolted-5 
CCI is a federation of 13 neighborhood-based multi-service centers whose mission is to identify and meet the human service needs of residents throughout Marion County in the most effective , efficient and comprehensive way possible .

Renzo Gubert once said that what impressed him most is that local Tibetans enjoy a high level of religious freedom .
	Gubert-2	said-4	-nsubj	Renzo-1 Gubert-2 	once-3 said-4 
`` There have been arrests , '' Taliban Ambassador to Pakistan Abdul Salam Zaeef told a news conference here when asked if any Americans had been arrested in Afghanistan .

Many of the refugees then traveled by rail from Hamburg to Britain via Brussels .

He added that the groups worked independently , but exploited existing contacts regularly .
	He-1	added-2	-nsubj	He-1 	added-2 
Another officer said the loose structure of the smuggling ring made the investigation more difficult .
	officer-2	said-3	-nsubj	Another-1 officer-2 	said-3 
`` Some US politicians have made a mistake .
	politicians-4	made-6	-nsubj	Some-2 US-3 politicians-4 	have-5 made-6 
That was a catalyst for pent-up opposition to Chavez .

The most frequent crimes involved the loss or theft of Korean passports , according to the official .

These include explosive political frustration , a swelling tide of desperate refugees and a growing reluctance by foreign companies and donors to invest in the region .

The commission is headed by Cesar Gaviria , Secretary General of the OAS .

But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it `` flattery .
	Schwarz-3	welcomes-4	-nsubj	Mr.-2 Schwarz-3 	welcomes-4 
The report said China should not have arrested Li , a Hong Kong businessman , who was charged with smuggling Bibles into the country in July .
	report-2	said-3	-nsubj	The-1 report-2 	said-3 
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries has agreed on three cuts in its production thus far this year , for the purpose of preventing the crude prices from becoming weaker .
	Organization-2	agreed-8	-nsubj	The-1 Organization-2 of-3 Petroleum-4 Exporting-5 Countries-6 	has-7 agreed-8 
Military officials also said John Walker Lindh , the American who was captured with Taliban forces near Mazar-i-Sharif , was not among the prisoners transferred today .
	officials-2	said-4	-nsubj	Military-1 officials-2 	said-4 
The official , who asked not to be identified , told newsmen that the first flight of captives in more than two weeks had left Afghanistan late on Wednesday and was to arrive at the isolated prison camp late on Thursday .

and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker `` as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated .
	it-3	seek-5	-nsubj	it-3 	would-4 seek-5 
After a visit to Tibet in 2000 , the Italian parliamentary delegation issued a press communique agreeing that the development of Tibet is far better than what has been reported by some Western media .

WASHINGTON , Jan. 10 - A C-17 Globemaster cargo plane carrying 20 heavily guarded Taliban and Al Qaeda prisoners left a Marine Corps base in southern Afghanistan today on its way to the United States naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , the first wave of hundreds of detainees who will be held there .

At the same , the Venezuela government declared that participants of the coup will be brought to trial .
	government-7	declared-8	-nsubj	the-5 Venezuela-6 government-7 	declared-8 
ISLAMABAD , March 5 : The government on Tuesday rejected the US State Department Report on human rights as `` factually inaccurate and unwarranted '' adding that it reflected tendency of some states to sit in judgment on others .

Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed .
	it-20	rejected-21	-nsubj	it-20 	rejected-21 	board-18	said-19	-nsubj	the-16 Dataproducts-17 board-18 	said-19 
The Salvadorian president considered that the vote of confidence in the provisional government of Carmona will not have any repercussions in relations between El Salvador and Venezuela , which he described as `` totally normal , we are not worried in that sense '' .
	president-3	considered-4	-nsubj	The-1 Salvadorian-2 president-3 	considered-4 	he-30	described-31	-nsubj	he-30 	described-31 
He explained that `` El Salvador took a different position '' from that of other Latin American countries because at the present time it presides over the Permanent Council of the OAS .
	Salvador-6	took-7	-nsubj	El-5 Salvador-6 	took-7 a-8 different-9 position-10 
The `` war for land '' continued , at the risk of causing famine .

The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing .

The e-CRM is the use of technology to support customer interactions with little or no human intermediation from the business side .

Chavez says that he has learned a lesson from the events , and he will be more attentive to the opposition 's opinion in the future .
	Chavez-1	says-2	-nsubj	Chavez-1 	says-2 	Chavez-1	learned-6	-nsubj-ccomp	Chavez-1 	has-5 learned-6 	he-4	says-2	-nsubj-ccomp	he-4 	says-2 	he-4	learned-6	-nsubj	he-4 	has-5 learned-6 
In 1998 , we served a total of 31,484 low-income individuals through job training and placement assistance , youth and senior programming , family counseling , emergency assistance , and much more .

The centers that serve these areas , Mary Rigg Neighborhood Center , Hawthorne Community Center , Southwest Multi-Service Center , and Christamore House , have teamed up to run an exciting job readiness program for 14 and 15 year old area residents called the Summer Enrichment Program .

So there , while you think of Case , you also think of Pittman and Leonsis and increasingly a range of other executives .
	you-10	think-12	-nsubj	you-10 	think-12 	you-5	think-6	-nsubj	you-5 	think-6 
Cao said the smuggled Bibles were editions translated by the ` Shouters ' sect .
	Cao-1	said-2	-nsubj	Cao-1 	said-2 
U.S. Trust also created a four-member office of the chairman , effective Feb. .

It has no right to issue such a false human rights report , experts said .
	experts-14	said-15	-nsubj	experts-14 	said-15 
The slower growth in carbon-dioxide concentrations could be due to increased CO 2 uptake by land-based plants and marine organisms , he suggests .
	he-22	suggests-23	-nsubj	he-22 	suggests-23 
After visiting the region several times , Italian senator Renzo Gubert , praised the Chinese Government 's efforts to protect the indigenous cultural and religious heritage while developing the local economy .

Sites in the towns of Ratzeburg and Uelzen were also searched in connection with the raid , said Wieland Mozdzynski , director of the Hamburg office of the border guard .

Among the crimes are illegal trafficking or forgery of passports , drug production and transportation , smuggling , overstaying visas and drunk driving , the official said .
	official-26	said-27	-nsubj	the-25 official-26 	said-27 
It is only natural , with the guerilla operations successively occur , even inside the fortified settlements , that the world begins to wonder whether the accusations that Arafat was planning , and instructing attacks on Israeli targets despite his captivity , and the round-the-clock Israeli surveillance , were founded .
	Arafat-29	planning-31	-nsubj	Arafat-29 	was-30 planning-31 
`` Our enemies rely upon surprise and deception .

Such incidents have been rare , however , and most of the camp 's 158 Muslim fanatics are compliant , the guards say .
	guards-22	say-23	-nsubj	the-21 guards-22 	say-23 
It is that same security that Sharon , the assassin , uses as an excuse to instigate struggles and wars , and promote instability .

He also pretends that he besieges Arafat because so far , he was unable to confront the Palestinian resistance .
	He-1	besieges-6	-nsubj-ccomp	He-1 	besieges-6 	he-5	besieges-6	-nsubj	he-5 	besieges-6 	He-1	pretends-3	-nsubj	He-1 	pretends-3 
Either the New Partnership for African Development -LRB- Nepad -RRB- is merely to entertain the international gallery during the occasional conference on `` sustainable development '' or Africa must itself impose a minimum of probity and respect for fundamental liberties .

`` Our station is not yet a year old but we will reach the whole country this year .

And one particular Christmas , things were very , very difficult .

But earlier this week , Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul D. Wolfowitz said that American Special Operations forces might become involved in `` direct support of Philippine military operations , '' though he added that the government seemed `` anxious '' to do the job itself .
	Secretary-7	said-13	-nsubj	Deputy-6 Secretary-7 of-8 Defense-9 Paul-10 D.-11 Wolfowitz-12 	said-13 	he-33	added-34	-nsubj	he-33 	added-34 	government-37	seemed-38	-nsubj	the-36 government-37 	seemed-38 ``-39 anxious-40 ''-41 
Dr Mohamed Al-Amri & amp ; Company is the first local company , with Kingdom-wide offices , to become a certified e-CRM ACCPAC partner .

To back up their reckless conclusion , the report lists many incidents where it said religious freedom was violated .

ANKARA , Jan 15 -LRB- A. A -RRB- - Uzbek general Rashid Dostum will pay a visit to Turkey .

And as usual , the portion about China contains little truth and many absurdities , exaggerations and fabrications .

Hugo Chavez is not the formal president yet , as he had to resign under the pressure of the plotters .

Voice of Africa Radio -LRB- VOA -RRB- is to expand its network to cover all parts of the country this year , the station 's production manager , Hajji Isa Sebi , has said .

The ousted president was freed by paratroopers .

American forces in Afghanistan were holding a total of 371 prisoners today , including 351 at Kandahar and 19 at Bagram air base north of Kabul .

U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual-fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 .

The electoral hijacking had been announced , prepared , and organized .

In any case , there certainly is no lack of information available about the moguls of technology now as they all become our current pop icons .

There is no doubt that he will dismiss disloyal top officers from the army .
	he-6	dismiss-8	-nsubj	he-6 	will-7 dismiss-8 
The Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation plays the role of a foreign relations agency for Palestine .

Africa , with its own `` observers , '' has just ratified a shameful electoral sham .

He was not sure the Kyoto Protocol actually went far enough .

They get `` culturally appropriate '' halal meals .

`` It is analogous to the US crackdown on terrorists in Afghanistan , '' Ma said .
	Ma-15	said-16	-nsubj	Ma-15 	said-16 
Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post .

A Pentagon official said earlier this week that the United States did not consider the detainees prisoners of war , but that they were still being afforded the protections under the Geneva Convention guidelines .
	States-11	consider-14	-nsubj	the-9 United-10 States-11 	did-12 not-13 consider-14 	official-3	said-4	-nsubj	A-1 Pentagon-2 official-3 	said-4 
Traditionally , Mexico has supported the OPEC cutbacks ; however , analysts agreed that it will now tend to support the United States , the main world consumer , and the one that would be adversely affected by a possible increase in crude prices .
	Mexico-3	supported-5	-nsubj	Mexico-3 	has-4 supported-5 	analysts-12	agreed-13	-nsubj	analysts-12 	agreed-13 	analysts-12	tend-18	-nsubj-ccomp	analysts-12 	tend-18 to-19 support-20 
`` The cause of human rights would be better served if all states , in a spirit of cooperation and understanding address the problems they face in promoting and protecting human rights , '' it said .
	it-35	said-36	-nsubj	it-35 	said-36 
The foreigners , who were interrogated at the Amasya Security Directorate Foreigners Department , will be deported .

Recently the system of joint electorates has been introduced respecting the wishes of the minority communities , it said .
	communities-16	wishes-12	-pobj-prep	the-14 minority-15 communities-16 	wishes-12 	it-18	said-19	-nsubj	it-18 	said-19 
Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds-service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman .

Eleven others were taken into custody , seven of whom were also members of the smuggling ring .

Pentagon officials said some prisoners might also be sedated during the more-than-20-hour flight , but it was not clear whether that had happened .
	officials-2	said-3	-nsubj	Pentagon-1 officials-2 	said-3 
They were captured in Afghanistan during the US-led military campaign against the country 's now-crumbled hardline Taliban regime .

The future of the protocol , which sets targets for all countries in an attempt to cut pollution , will be decided this year at a meeting in Johannesburg .

